Disney Lorcana — Community Code
Effective May 10, 2023

Ravensburger and the Disney Lorcana Organized Play Team work to provide a
welcoming, open, supportive, and safe environment for all Disney Lorcana
participants. Part of this work includes setting rules and standards for community
behavior and providing for solutions when members behave in a way that is
inconsistent with these goals. These solutions include temporary or permanent
removal of a participant from parts of our community or the community as a whole.

The Disney Lorcana Community includes a broad range of people and the locations
where they gather. It includes players, collectors, store owners, event managers,
social media posters and curators, judges, and many more. The community exists in
stores, online, and in other public areas. In all places where the Community gathers
to play, trade, or discuss Disney Lorcana, everyone is expected to treat each other
with courtesy, respect, kindness, and honesty.



Related Documents

Violations of any of these policies, or any other Ravensburger policy, may be
considered Community Violations:
•   Disney Lorcana Hobby Store Program Terms & Conditions
•   Disney Lorcana Hobby Store Requirements


Prohibited In-person Behavior
This includes any Location running a Disney Lorcana event, a tournament, or casual
play, in whole or as part of a larger event. It also includes events not scheduled in
the tournament software but advertised, announced, or organized as Lorcana
events.

•   Distribution or display of materials containing words, symbols, photographs, art,
    or references (such as web links) with the intent to tolerate, support, or
    encourage prohibited behaviors

•   Display of materials, images, clothing, screen names, and similar that are
    pornographic or similarly explicit, graphically violent, or otherwise generally
    considered “adult” material
•   Cheating, interfering with gameplay, tournament or event misreporting or fraud,
    misuse or distribution of organized play materials

Prohibited Online or Electronic Behavior
This includes Disney Lorcana chat rooms, server rooms, online play areas, and
other digital areas owned or operated by Ravensburger, or their partners or agents.

•   Any digital variation or equivalent of the prohibited in-person behaviors listed in
    the prior section

•   Spamming, trolling, repeated unwanted contact or contact requests, or
    interference with use of social media or other digital products and services,
    including Denial of Service activities

Cooperation with Authorities
Some activity is severe enough to warrant notification to legal authorities, site
managers, convention managers, social media sites and similar digital spaces, and
other business partners, as prescribed by local laws, codes, and regulations. In
these instances, Ravensburger will provide, to the extent allowed and required by
law, any and all information regarding the following activities:

•   Illegal, unauthorized, or inappropriate acquisition, storage, use, or distribution of
    personal information, including name, date of birth or age, address, phone
    number, contact information, play locations, social media names/pages, product
    purchases, text messages, passwords, photographs or likenesses, and all similar
    or related personally identifiable pieces of information.

       o   This does restrict the limited and appropriate collection and use of
           personal information essential for the purposes of hosting or participating
           in Disney Lorcana Organized Play programs.

•   The creation, use, sale, trade, or distribution of counterfeit or unauthorized
    Ravensburger names or products, including violations of the Marketing Materials
    Policy

•   Impersonation of a Ravensburger employee, contractor, associate, business
    partner, or any other related role

•   Any activity that the Disney Lorcana Organized Play Team believes may be
    illegal


Additional Responsibilities

Store owners, judges, and Ravensburger employees and their partners have
additional responsibilities in adhering to and actively upholding this Community
Code. Those additional responsibilities are included in the Disney Lorcana Hobby
Store Program Terms & Conditions and the Disney Lorcana Tournament Policy.



Future-Proofing

Because the ways that people can engage in unacceptable behavior changes with
time, technology, social shifts, creativity, and personal determination, it is
challenging, if not impossible, to detail all actions that might be considered a violation
of policy. With that in mind, whether an action is in violation, in letter or spirit, of this
or another Disney Lorcana or Ravensburger policy, is to be determined at the sole
discretion of Ravensburger and the Disney Lorcana Organized Play Team.



Correction and Penalty Guidelines

Because the types, severity, and impact of unacceptable behaviors range widely,
responses, solutions and penalties are part of a separate document, the Disney
Lorcana Correction and Penalty Guidelines.

If you believe you know of a violation of this or any other Lorcana Policy, please
reach out to us at LorcanaOP@ravensburger.com



We welcome constructive feedback and suggestions regarding this document.
Please contact us at LorcanaOP@ravensburger.com to provide yours.
