                                    COMPREHENSIVE RULES
                                                                     Version 2.0.1.
                                                              Effective February 5, 2026



   A NOTE FOR NEW PLAYERS
   Welcome! There are several ways to access the rules for the Disney Lorcana trading card game. The information outlined in this document is meant
   for high-level Disney Lorcana rules questions and not as a way to learn the game.

   If you’re new to the Disney Lorcana TCG, we recommend you start with our introductory videos here or download the official Disney Lorcana Trading
   Card Game Companion app on Apple or Google Play.




   INTRODUCTION
   This document covers the technical details of official Disney Lorcana gameplay. The rules described here are organized in a numbered format to
   make referencing and updating them easy and clear.

   The Comprehensive Rules is a living document. Go to the Disney Lorcana Resources page for the most current version.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                  i
CONTENTS                                             6.
                                                        5.6. Locations
                                                          ABILITIES, EFFECTS, AND RESOLVING
 1.   CONCEPTS                                          6.1. General
    1.1. General                                        6.2. Triggered Abilities
    1.2. Golden Rules                                   6.3. Activated Abilities
    1.3. Players                                        6.4. Static Abilities
    1.4. Cards                                          6.5. Replacement Effects
    1.5. Costs                                          6.6. Ability Modifiers
    1.6. Abilities                                      6.7. Resolving Cards and Effects
    1.7. Game Actions, Timing, and Illegal Actions   7. ZONES
    1.8. Game State Check                               7.1. General
    1.9. Damage                                         7.2. Deck
    1.10. Materials                                     7.3. Hand
    1.11. Lore                                          7.4. Play
    1.12. Drawing                                       7.5. Inkwell
 2. GAMEPLAY                                            7.6. Discard
    2.1. General                                        7.7. Bag
    2.2. Setup Stage                                 8. KEYWORDS
    2.3. In-Game Stage                                  8.1. General
    2.4. Cleanup Stage                                  8.2. Alert
 3. TURN STRUCTURE                                      8.3. Bodyguard
    3.1. Phases                                         8.4. Boost
    3.2. Start-of-Turn Phase                            8.5. Challenger
    3.3. Main Phase                                     8.6. Evasive
    3.4. End-of-Turn Phase                              8.7. Reckless
 4. TURN ACTIONS                                        8.8. Resist
    4.1. General                                        8.9. Rush
    4.2. Ink a Card                                     8.10. Shift
    4.3. Play a Card                                    8.11. Singer
    4.4. Use an Activated Ability                       8.12. Sing Together
    4.5. Quest                                          8.13. Support
    4.6. Challenge                                      8.14. Vanish
    4.7. Move a Character                               8.15. Ward
 5. CARDS AND CARD TYPES                             9. MULTIPLAYER
    5.1. Card States                                 10. CASUAL GAME VARIANTS
    5.2. Parts of a Card                                10.1. General
    5.3. Characters                                     10.2. Pack Rush
    5.4. Actions                                     GLOSSARY
    5.5. Items




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                              ii
 1.     CONCEPTS
      1.1. General
           1.1.1. The Disney Lorcana TCG is a game played with two or more players. Each player needs a deck of Disney Lorcana cards that they’ll
                   use in the game (see 1.10, “Materials”).
           1.1.2. Each player needs a way to track their lore totals and mark damage on characters and locations. This can be any method players
                   find convenient that’s clear to all players in the game.
           1.1.3. Disney Lorcana tournaments may have additional rules that can affect the ones in this document. Please refer to the Disney
                   Lorcana TCG Tournament Rules found here for further reference.
           1.1.4. Disney Lorcana cards are published in multiple languages. For the purposes of gameplay, the English cards, rules, rulings, and
                   clarifications are the official versions.
           1.1.5. Card text and rules may be updated. The most current updated information is the official version for gameplay.
           1.1.6. Games with more than two players have additional rules that apply. See section 9, “Multiplayer” for more information.
           1.1.7. Some cards include reminder text set in italics and within parentheses. Reminder text isn’t rules text. It’s only a memory aid and
                   may vary without changing the meaning of the rules on any given card.
      1.2. Golden Rules
           1.2.1. If the text of a card contradicts a game rule, the card text supersedes that rule.
                   Example: Mufasa – Betrayed Leader has an ability called The Sun Will Set that reads, “When this character is banished, you may
                   reveal the top card of your deck. If it’s a character card, you may play that character for free and they enter play exerted. Otherwise,
                   put it on the top of your deck.” The rule in section 4.3.2 specifies that cards can be played only during the active player’s turn.
                   However, if an active player banishes an opponent’s Mufasa, the opponent can play a character even though it’s not their turn
                   because the ability text allows the opponent to play it, superseding that rule.
           1.2.2. If an effect prevents something from happening, that effect supersedes rules and other effects that allow it to happen.
                   Example: The opponent has a Tiana – Celebrating Princess in play. She has an ability called What You Give Is What You Get that
                   reads, “While this character is exerted and you have no cards in your hand, opponents can’t play actions.” The active player has a
                   Genie – Powers Unleashed in play. He has an ability called Phenomenal Cosmic Power! that reads, “Whenever this character quests,
                   you may play an action with cost 5 or less for free.” If the active player quests with Genie, as long as the opponent’s Tiana is exerted
                   and they have no cards in their hand, the active player can’t play actions even though Genie’s triggered ability allows it.
           1.2.3. If an effect tells a player to do something, the player does as much as possible even if some part of that effect can’t be done.
                   This is known as doing as much as you can.
                   Example: Reflection is a song action with an effect that reads, “Look at the top 3 cards of your deck. Put them back on the top of
                   your deck in any order.” If the player who plays this action has only 2 cards in their deck, they look at the top 2 cards and resolve the
                   effect normally, doing as much as they can.
      1.3. Players
           1.3.1. Each person playing the game is referred to as a player. There must be at least two players in a game.
           1.3.2. A player has at least one of three additional specific designations: active player, opponent (also known as opposing player), or
                   teammate. A player’s designation can change during the game and they can have more than one at a time.
           1.3.3. If a card’s effect refers to “you,” “your,” or “yours,” it refers to the player who played that card. If an effect refers to a specific
                   player designation in its text, it means that player only. If an effect refers to a plural player designation, it refers to all players with
                   that designation.
                   Example: Any reference to “teammates” refers to the teammates of the player who generated the effect.



disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                        1
         1.3.4. Active player
              1.3.4.1. There can be only one active player at a time. When a player starts their turn, they become the active player. When the next
                         player in the game’s turn order begins their turn, they become the active player.
              1.3.4.2. Active player is a designation that isn’t referenced in card text. The designation functions only to identify the player who’s
                         currently taking their turn.
         1.3.5. Opponent
              1.3.5.1. Anyone a player is playing against is their opponent. In a multiplayer game, a player has multiple opponents.
              1.3.5.2. Opponent is a designation that can be referenced in card text. If an effect references an “opponent,” it refers to any player
                         other than the player who generated the effect, not including teammates.
              1.3.5.3. The opponent designation can also be referenced in card text as “opposing player.”
         1.3.6. Teammate
              1.3.6.1. Some multiplayer game formats allow a player to designate one or more players as teammates. Such teammates are
                         identified before the game starts. Teammates play together and aren’t opponents to one another.
              1.3.6.2. Teammate is a designation that can be referenced in card text. If an effect references a “teammate,” it refers to any player
                         who was designated as a teammate prior to the start of the game. A player can’t be their own teammate.
    1.4. Cards
         1.4.1. A Disney Lorcana deck is comprised entirely of standard Disney Lorcana cards and no other cards. A standard Disney Lorcana card
                  measures 2.5" by 3.5" (6.3 cm x 8.8 cm). All standard Disney Lorcana cards have the Illuminary icon on the back. If anything refers
                  to a “card” in the text, it’s referring to a standard Disney Lorcana card.
         1.4.2. If a card doesn’t have the specific and exact Illuminary icon on the back defined in section 1.4.1, has an official but different
                  illustration of the Illuminary icon (such as on the back of a card from a scenario deck in an Illumineer’s Quest), or is oversized, it’s
                  not a standard Disney Lorcana card.
              1.4.2.1. Specific types of cards have additional criteria that define them. For more information, see section 5, “Cards and
                         Card Types.”
         1.4.3. Cards a player includes in their deck are their cards. That player makes any decisions necessary for the card and its effects unless
                  otherwise specified. If an effect's instructions include any physical manipulation of a card, the player whose deck the card came
                  from physically manipulates it regardless of any other specification in the effect.
                  Example: Chernabog – Unnatural Force has the ability Dark Dance, which reads, “When you play this character, you may shuffle
                  chosen opposing character into their player's deck. If you do, that player may play a character from their discard for free.” When
                  the active player resolves this triggered ability, they choose the character to be shuffled into the opposing player’s deck, but the
                  opposing player physically shuffles the chosen character card into their deck.
              1.4.3.1. If a card’s text refers to “you,” “your,” or “yours,” then it’s referring to the player who played the card. If an effect refers to
                         “you,” “your,” or “yours,” then it’s referring to the player who generated that effect.
              1.4.3.2. Player and character effects sometimes use pronouns to refer to the players and characters referenced in the effect in lieu
                         of their names. Examples of these pronouns include: he, she, they, him, her, them, his, hers, and theirs. Item and location
                         effects sometimes use pronouns in lieu of their names such as “it,” “its,” “them,” or “their.”
    1.5. Costs
         1.5.1. A cost is a payment that must be paid to play a card. The cost of a card is represented by a number in the top left corner of the
                  card. This number equals the amount of ink necessary to pay for playing the card.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                     2
         1.5.2. Some abilities have a cost. This cost must be paid in order to use the ability (see 4.4). Some costs are paid as part of resolving
                  an effect.
         1.5.3. A cost must be paid in full. If a card’s cost can’t be paid in its entirety, then the card can’t be played. Each payment applies to only
                  one cost at a time.
         1.5.4. A cost can’t be changed; however, the total amount paid can be affected. Adjustments to the total amount paid to play a card are
                  called payment modifiers and affect only the amount paid to play a card, not the cost of the card itself.
         1.5.5. Some cards have an alternate cost, which is a cost a player can pay instead of paying the normal ink cost of the card. A player
                  chooses to pay an alternate cost during the process of playing a card.
              1.5.5.1. Singing a song (see 5.4.4.2) is an alternate cost.
              1.5.5.2. Shifting a character (see 8.10) is an alternate cost.
              1.5.5.3. An ability or effect that allows a player to play a card “for free” is an alternate cost and means they may play that card
                         without paying its cost (see 6.1.7).
              1.5.5.4. An ability or effect that allows a player to use an ability “for free” is an alternate cost and means they may use that ability
                         without paying any costs except {E} (see 6.1.7.1).
    1.6. Abilities
         1.6.1. There are several kinds of abilities in the Disney Lorcana TCG. Abilities normally apply only when the source of that ability is in play.
                  The source of an ability is normally the card or effect that generates it.
              1.6.1.1. Triggered abilities continuously look for a specific condition and have an effect when that condition is met. Triggered
                         abilities follow the rules in section 6.2.
              1.6.1.2. Activated abilities have a cost and an effect that occurs if that cost is paid. Activated abilities follow the rules in section 6.3.
              1.6.1.3. Static abilities are effects that are continuously active, either for a fixed length of time or for as long as the card generating
                         the effect is in play. Static abilities follow the rules in section 6.4.
              1.6.1.4. Replacement effects are generated by some abilities. These replace one effect with another. Replacement effects follow the
                         rules in section 6.5.
              1.6.1.5. Keywords are words or short phrases that represent distinct abilities. See section 8 for the full list of current keywords.
    1.7. Game Actions, Timing, and Illegal Actions
         1.7.1. When a player does something in game that’s part of a normal turn, such as draw a card, exert a character, declare a challenging
                  character, etc., it’s a game action. A game action is singular. A group of game actions that achieves a specific outcome, such as the
                  process of challenging, is known as a turn action.
         1.7.2. Effects, turn actions (see section 4), and game actions (see 1.7.1) must fully resolve before the next effect, turn action, or game
                  action can happen.
                  Example: Dr. Facilier – Remarkable Gentleman has an ability called Dreams Made Real that reads, “Whenever you play a song, you
                  may look at the top 2 cards of your deck. Put one on the top of your deck and the other on the bottom.” If a player plays a song, they
                  resolve that song’s effect fully before they resolve Dr. Facilier’s triggered ability.
         1.7.3. Choices made as part of resolving an effect, including those that reference “choose” or “chosen,” are made as the effect resolves
                  (see 6.1.3).
         1.7.4. Triggered abilities wait to resolve in an additional zone called the bag. The bag isn’t a physical zone, but a place where triggered
                  abilities are held when their conditions are met. Players resolve the effects of their triggered abilities from the bag following the
                  process described in section 7.7, “Bag.”




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                     3
         1.7.5. Characters can’t quest, challenge, or activate any abilities with {E} as a part of their cost unless the character has been in play
                  since the beginning of their player’s turn. This is known as drying. A character becomes dry if they’re in play during the start of
                  their player’s next turn (see 3.2.2.1).
         1.7.6. If a player attempts a game action they couldn’t perform or begins a turn action they’re unable to complete fully, it’s an illegal
                  action. When an illegal action occurs, the action is undone, meaning the player reverses all actions they took until the state of the
                  game is returned to what it was before the illegal action or actions was performed, assuming the action is possible to reasonably
                  undo (see 1.7.6.2). All payments are undone if applicable. Abilities that would have occurred because of the original action
                  don’t happen.
              1.7.6.1. The player may attempt to redo what was attempted but in the correct way.
              1.7.6.2. A player may not undo any game actions that are impossible to fully undo, such as shuffling a deck or revealing a card.
                         The player undoes as much as they can.
         1.7.7. If an illegal choice was made as part of resolving an effect, the player undoes all operations back to the point that they made the
                  original choice, where a new choice can be made. If no legal choices exist, then the effect resolves with no effect. If there are
                  other effects to resolve that don’t involve the choice, then the player does as much as they can in resolving all effects.
                  Example A: A player attempts to play a character with a cost of 4 {I}. When they exert their ink to pay for playing the character,
                  they realize they only have 3 unexerted cards (3 {I}) in their inkwell. Because the turn action for playing the character can’t be fully
                  completed, it’s considered illegal. The player undoes their attempt to play the character, readies any ink that was exerted to play the
                  character, and places the character back in their hand.
                  Example B: Let The Storm Rage On is a song with an effect that reads, “Deal 2 damage to chosen character. Draw a card.” When
                  a player plays this action and resolves the effect, they must choose a character. If they choose a character with Ward, a keyword
                  ability that protects the character from being chosen, then the choice is considered illegal. The player undoes all actions to the point
                  when the choice was made and must make a new choice. Note that the player doesn’t undo the playing of the action itself, as that
                  part was performed legally. Only the illegal part of the game action, the choice, is undone and a new choice is made if able.
    1.8. Game State Check
         1.8.1. There is a set of conditions the game constantly checks for, and a result that occurs if the condition is met. The game checks for
                  the listed conditions at the end of every step of the Start-of-Turn Phase, after the Challenge Declaration and Challenge Damage
                  steps (see 4.6.4 through 4.6.6), after every turn action is completed, after any effect resolves, and when the turn ends. The
                  following are the conditions and corresponding results:
              1.8.1.1. If a player has 20 or more lore, that player wins the game.
              1.8.1.2. If a player’s turn ends with no cards in their deck, that player loses the game.
              1.8.1.3. In a multiplayer game, if a player is the last player remaining in the game, that player wins the game.
              1.8.1.4. If a character or location has damage equal to or greater than its Willpower {W}, that character or location is banished.
                         A character or location banished as a result of taking damage from a character in a challenge since the last game state
                         check or as a result of taking damage from a character’s ability since the last game state check is considered banished by
                         that character.
         1.8.2. Triggered abilities that occur as a result of a game state check are added to the bag when their condition is met but won’t resolve
                  until after the game state check or checks are completed.
         1.8.3. After a game state check is completed, the game state check immediately occurs again. If no conditions are met during a game
                  state check, players then resolve any triggered abilities in the bag. Once all triggered abilities have been resolved from the bag
                  and there are no further conditions met from a game state check, the game continues.


disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                    4
                   Example A: A player has a Flounder – Voice of Reason in play, a character with 2 {W}. Their opponent plays Fire the Cannons!,
                   an action with an effect that reads, “Deal 2 damage to chosen character,” and chooses Flounder as the action’s effect resolves.
                   Immediately after the action has finished resolving, a game state check occurs. Flounder has 2 damage counters on him and 2 {W}.
                   Flounder has damage equal to or greater than his Willpower, meeting the condition in section 1.8.1.4 and is banished as a result.
                   Another game state check occurs. No other conditions have been met, so the game continues.
                   Example B: A player has a Pride Lands – Pride Rock and a Flounder – Voice of Reason in play. Pride Lands has an ability We Are All
                   Connected that reads, “Characters get +2 {W} while here.” Flounder has 2 damage counters on him and is also at the location, giving
                   him a total of 4 {W}. The opponent has a Lumiere – Hotheaded Candelabra in play, a character with 7 {S}. During the opponents turn,
                   Lumiere challenges Pride Lands, dealing 7 damage to the location. Once the challenge is over, a game state check occurs. Pride
                   Lands has damage equal to or greater than its Willpower, meeting the condition in section 1.8.1.5 and is banished as a result. Once
                   the first game state check is completed, another game state check occurs. Without Pride Lands in play, Flounder has damage equal
                   to or greater than his Willpower, meeting the condition in section 1.8.1.4 and is banished as a result. Another game state check
                   occurs. No other conditions have been met, so the game continues.
          1.8.4. If multiple conditions are met by a player during a game state check, a single game state check occurs and all results occur
                   simultaneously. If multiple conditions are met by multiple players during a game state check, a single game state check occurs
                   and each player’s results occur in turn order.
    1.9. Damage
          1.9.1. Damage on a character or location is represented by damage counters. Each damage counter normally represents 1 damage; any
                   damage counter intended to represent more than 1 damage counts as a separate damage counter for each 1 damage it represents.
                   Damage can be dealt, put, removed, moved, or taken.
               1.9.1.1. Deal/Dealt – Placing a number of damage counters on a character or location during a challenge (see 4.6) or as a result of
                          resolving an effect that deals/dealt damage.
               1.9.1.2. Put – Placing a number of damage counters on a character or location as a result of an effect that puts damage on them.
               1.9.1.3. Remove/Removed – Taking a number of damage counters off a character or location as a result of an effect that
                          removes/removed damage from them.
               1.9.1.4. Move – Taking off a number of damage counters from one character or location and placing them on another character or
                          location as a result of an effect that moved damage to them.
               1.9.1.5. Take – A character or location takes damage whenever damage is dealt to, put on, or moved to that character or location.
          1.9.2. Some card text refers to a character or location that “is damaged,” “was damaged,” “is dealt damage,” or “was dealt damage.”
                   These references mean the same as “takes damage” for cards printed with that text.
          1.9.3. When a character or location with damage leaves play for any reason, all damage counters on that character or location cease
                   to exist.
    1.10. Materials
          1.10.1. Each player needs to have a deck of Disney Lorcana cards to play with. A deck of Disney Lorcana cards must adhere to the
                   construction requirements of the format being played, either Constructed or Limited. In Constructed, players use a previously
                   constructed deck of Disney Lorcana cards. In Limited, players are provided a set number of unopened Disney Lorcana products to
                   build a deck using the cards inside.
               1.10.1.1. In the Constructed format, each player’s deck must contain at least 60 cards, can’t contain more than two ink types, can’t
                          contain more than 4 cards with the same full name, and can’t contain any banned cards.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                   5
               1.10.1.2. In the Limited format, each player’s deck must contain at least 35 cards for Draft or 40 cards for Sealed, may contain any
                          number of ink types, and may contain any number of cards with the same full name.
          1.10.2. Each player needs a method to track their lore totals. A player may use any reasonable method to do so that’s comfortable for
                   and accessible to them. The lore-tracking method a player uses must always reflect the player’s current lore total during the
                   game. Such methods can include, but aren’t limited to, pen and paper, lore trackers, and the Disney Lorcana Trading Card Game
                   Companion app. Specific formats may identify what methods for tracking lore totals are allowed.
          1.10.3. Each player needs a method to track damage counters on characters or locations. A player may use any reasonable method to do
                   so that’s comfortable for and accessible to them. The damage-tracking method a player uses must clearly represent the amount of
                   damage on each of their characters or locations to all players.
    1.11. Lore
          1.11.1. A player's lore total is the amount of lore they currently have in the game. A player’s lore total changes as they gain or lose lore.
                   Each player starts the game with 0 lore and can’t have less than that. If a player would lose lore while they have 0 lore, they don’t
                   lose any.
          1.11.2. Some characters and locations have a Lore value represented by {L} on the card. A questing character with a Lore value causes that
                   player to gain the amount of lore represented by the character’s Lore value. If a questing character doesn’t have a Lore value or
                   their Lore value has been reduced to 0, the player doesn’t gain any lore and their lore total doesn’t increase. A location with a Lore
                   value causes that player to gain the amount of lore represented by the location’s Lore value at the start of that player’s turn
                   (see 3.2.2).
          1.11.3. If a player has 20 or more lore, they win the game (see 1.8.1.1).
    1.12. Drawing
          1.12.1. To draw a card, a player places the top card of their deck into their hand. A player can draw cards only from their own deck.
          1.12.2. Cards are drawn one at a time. If an effect instructs a player to draw more than one card, they draw the number of individual cards
                   in succession.
          1.12.3. If an effect instructs a player to “put” a card into their hand, this isn’t considered “drawing” a card, even though the mechanics
                   are similar.
 2. GAMEPLAY
    2.1. General
          2.1.1. A game of Disney Lorcana is divided into three distinct stages: Setup, In-Game, and Cleanup. Each stage follows a list of
                   procedures each player must follow. These stages occur independently and don’t overlap.
          2.1.2. Games have a set structure for selecting a starting player and determining turn order, specified by the format of the game being
                   played and the series, that is the number of games being played.
          2.1.3. In a two-player game, the turn order is: starting player, then non-starting player. In a multiplayer game, every player who isn’t
                   the starting player is a non-starting player. Turn order begins with the starting player and then moves to the starting player’s left,
                   continuing clockwise until all players have taken their turn.
               2.1.3.1. In a two-game series, the player who wasn’t the starting player for the first game is the starting player for the second game.
               2.1.3.2. In a best-of-N series, the losing player selects whether to be the starting player or not for the next game. This is known as
                          the “play-draw” rule.
    2.2. Setup Stage
          2.2.1. During the Setup stage, players prepare to play a game of Disney Lorcana by following the steps listed here.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                    6
              2.2.1.1. First, the players agree upon a method for randomly determining who is the starting player of the game. This can include
                       rolling dice, flipping a coin, or other safe and reasonable methods that can be performed easily within the play area. Once
                       the starting player of the game is determined, the game’s turn order has been established.
              2.2.1.2. Second, each player shuffles their deck. Players may use any reasonable form of shuffling they find convenient and
                       comfortable, but the method chosen must sufficiently randomize the deck. Once done, each player must be offered an
                       opportunity to shuffle, cut, or shuffle and cut their opponent’s deck. Once both decks are randomized sufficiently, they’re
                       considered ready to play and are placed in the play area. All cards in a player’s deck should be oriented the same way.
              2.2.1.3. Third, each player begins the game with 0 lore.
              2.2.1.4. Fourth, each player draws 7 cards. These cards are known as each player’s “opening hand.”
         2.2.2. Once each player has drawn their opening hands, they each may alter their hands, beginning with the starting player and then
                 proceeding in turn order. Each player can alter their hand only once in each game, following the steps listed here.
              2.2.2.1. First, the starting player selects any number of cards from their hand and places them on the bottom of their deck without
                       revealing them. Then, they draw until they have 7 cards in their hand.
              2.2.2.2. Second, in turn order, each other non-starting player decides whether they’re going to alter their hand, and if so, completes
                       the step in 2.2.2.1.
              2.2.2.3. Third, each player who altered their hand by 1 or more cards shuffles their deck. Each player who shuffled their deck must
                       give an opposing player an opportunity to cut, shuffle, or shuffle and cut the deck.
         2.2.3. After each player completed the steps in 2.2.2.1 through 2.2.2.3, the game enters the In-Game stage and opens with the starting
                 player’s Start-of-Turn Phase.
    2.3. In-Game Stage
         2.3.1. In the In-Game stage, players play the game of Disney Lorcana.
         2.3.2. Each player, in turn order, takes their turn as described in section 3, “Turn Structure.”
         2.3.3. Players continue to take turns in turn order until the game ends. A game can end in one of the following ways:
              2.3.3.1. A player who has 20 or more lore wins the game.
              2.3.3.2. A player who ends their turn with no cards in their deck loses the game.
              2.3.3.3. A player who is the last player in a multiplayer game wins the game.
              2.3.3.4. A player who decides to concede the game at any point, including during the Setup or Cleanup stages, loses the game.
    2.4. Cleanup Stage
         2.4.1. In the Cleanup stage, each player prepares the play area for the next game, if applicable.
              2.4.1.1. Each player puts all cards from their Hand, Play, Inkwell, and Discard zones into their deck, oriented the same way.
              2.4.1.2. Each player removes all counters from the play area.
         2.4.2. After each player has recombined all their cards into a single deck and the play area is clear of all cards and counters, the next
                 game can begin, if applicable.
 3. TURN STRUCTURE
    3.1. Phases
         3.1.1. A turn has three phases, which occur in this order: Start-of-Turn Phase, Main Phase, and End-of-Turn Phase.
         3.1.2. The Start-of-Turn Phase is where a player resets their cards as appropriate for their new turn. This is where all effects that end at
                 the start of the player’s turn end and where effects that occur or begin at the start of their turn happen. The Start-of-Turn Phase
                 has three steps: Ready, Set, and Draw. Each of these steps is performed in the order listed in sections 3.2.1 through 3.2.3.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                   7
         3.1.3. The Main Phase is where a player can act on their turn, choosing to take any of the Main Phase turn actions. (See 3.3,
                 “Main Phase.”)
         3.1.4. The End-of-Turn Phase is where all effects that end at the current turn end and the next player in the turn order becomes the
                 active player. (See 3.4 “End-of-Turn Phase.”)
    3.2. Start-of-Turn Phase
         3.2.1. Ready
             3.2.1.1. The active player readies all their cards in play and in their inkwell.
             3.2.1.2. Effects that apply “during your turn” start applying.
             3.2.1.3. Effects that end at “the start of your turn” or at “the start of your next turn” end.
             3.2.1.4. Triggered abilities that happen “at the start of your turn” or that occur at any time during the Ready step are added to the
                        bag but don’t yet resolve.
         3.2.2. Set
             3.2.2.1. The active player’s characters that are in play are no longer “drying” and will be able to quest, challenge, or {E} to pay costs
                        for activated abilities or song cards.
             3.2.2.2. The active player gains lore from locations they have in play with a {L} characteristic. This isn’t a triggered ability and doesn’t
                        use the bag.
             3.2.2.3. The active player resolves any triggered abilities in the bag that were added during the Set step or the Ready step.
         3.2.3. Draw
             3.2.3.1. The active player draws a card from their deck. If this turn is the first turn of the game, the starting player skips this step.
             3.2.3.2. Once all effects have been resolved and there are no more abilities in the bag, the game moves into the Main Phase.
    3.3. Main Phase
         3.3.1. During the Main Phase, a player can perform the turn actions listed in section 4, “Turn Actions.”
         3.3.2. The active player can declare the end of their turn at any time during the Main Phase of their turn as long as they follow the rules
                 listed in section 3.3.2.1. Once they do so, the game moves to the End-of-Turn Phase.
             3.3.2.1. If the active player is performing a turn action and/or there are abilities in the bag waiting to resolve, the active player can’t
                        declare the end of their turn and move to the End-of-Turn phase until the turn action is fully complete and there are no more
                        abilities in the bag waiting to resolve.
    3.4. End-of-Turn Phase
         3.4.1. Once the active player has declared the end of their turn, they end their turn using the following process.
             3.4.1.1. First, triggered abilities that would occur “At the end of the turn” and “At the end of your turn” are added to and resolve
                        from the bag.
             3.4.1.2. Second, effects that would end at the end of the active player’s turn end. This includes effects with a stated duration of
                        “this turn” (e.g., Support). Any triggered abilities that would occur are added to and resolve from the bag.
         3.4.2. Once there are no more triggered abilities to resolve from the bag, the turn ends for the active player and there is a final game
                 state check (see 1.9.1). Then, the next player becomes the active player and starts their turn.
 4. TURN ACTIONS
    4.1. General
         4.1.1. Turn actions are the actions that the game allows a player to take during their turn. No effect or other card is needed to take these
                 turn actions. All turn actions can be taken any number of times by the active player, except for inking a card (see 4.2.3).




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                    8
         4.1.2. The active player can take turn actions only during the Main Phase of their turn and can take them in any order. The active player
                 must complete each turn action in its entirety and players must resolve anything in the bag that resulted from a turn action before
                 the active player takes their next turn action.
         4.1.3. The active player can take the following turn actions during their turn: ink a card, play a card, use a card’s activated ability, quest,
                 challenge, and move a character to a location.
         4.1.4. If any part of a turn action process can’t be performed, it’s illegal to continue the turn action and the game goes back to the
                 moment right before the turn action was started (see 1.7.6).
         4.1.5. If a triggered ability occurs during the process used to complete a turn action, the triggered ability is added to the bag but won’t
                 resolve until the process is complete. Each process within a turn action defines when it’s complete.
    4.2. Ink a Card
         4.2.1. The player declares they’re putting a card into their inkwell. To do so, the player follows the process listed in sections 4.2.1.1
                 through 4.2.1.3:
             4.2.1.1. First, the player chooses and reveals a card from their hand with the inkwell symbol.
             4.2.1.2. Second, all players verify that the inkwell symbol is present on the revealed card.
             4.2.1.3. Third, the player puts the revealed card into their inkwell facedown and ready. This marks the end of the process.
         4.2.2. Once the process of inking a card is complete, the player can resolve any triggered abilities that were added to the bag. When all
                 abilities have been resolved, the turn action is complete.
         4.2.3. This turn action is limited to once during the active player’s turn.
             4.2.3.1. Some effects allow a player to put “additional” cards into their inkwell. These effects continually adjust the once-per-turn
                        limit of the turn action for as long as the effect allowing the additional cards into the inkwell applies.
                        Example: Belle – Strange But Special has an ability Read a Book that reads, “During your turn, you may put an additional card
                        from your hand into your inkwell facedown.” A player can put two cards into their inkwell during their turn: one from the turn
                        action and one from Belle’s ability. If an effect returns Belle to a player’s hand and the card is replayed, the player can’t put
                        another card into their inkwell because the additional card was already added to their inkwell for the turn. If the player has two
                        copies of Belle in play, then they could put a third card into their inkwell.
             4.2.3.2. Some effects allow a player to put a card directly into their inkwell. These effects aren’t counted toward the once-per-turn
                        limit of the turn action, and the card isn’t revealed as it’s put into the player’s inkwell.
                        Example: Fishbone Quill is an item that has the ability Go Ahead and Sign, which reads, “{E} — Put any card from your hand
                        into your inkwell facedown.” A player may use this ability as many times as they can pay its cost. Cards added to the inkwell
                        this way aren’t revealed.
    4.3. Play a Card
         4.3.1. The active player can play a card from their hand by announcing the card and paying its cost.
         4.3.2. The process for playing a card listed in sections 4.3.2.1 through 4.3.2.4 applies to all cards that can be played. Cards can normally
                 be played only from a player’s hand. Only the active player can play a card during their turn.
             4.3.2.1. First, the active player announces the card they intend to play and reveals it from their hand.
             4.3.2.2. Second, the player announces how they intend to play the card, whether for its ink cost or an alternate cost. If multiple
                        alternate costs could apply, the player chooses one and ignores the others. If the card is played for the alternate cost of “for
                        free,” that alternate cost is immediately chosen, and the player ignores all costs to play the card and skips directly to 4.3.3
                        (see 1.5.5).
             4.3.2.3. Third, the player determines the total cost needed to play the card. The total cost is the ink cost or alternate cost plus any
                        payment modifiers. The resulting cost is the total cost.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                    9
             4.3.2.4. Fourth, the player pays the total cost. If the total cost includes any ink, the player must exert a number of ready ink cards
                        equal to the ink cost. If any other costs are included, the player pays those costs as instructed by the card text. Costs can be
                        paid in any order but must be paid in full.
         4.3.3. Once the total card cost is paid, the card enters play based on its type and is now considered “played.”
             4.3.3.1. If the card is a character, item, or location, the card enters the Play zone. If it’s a character card being played using its Shift
                        ability, it must be put on top of the card referenced in the alternate cost to play it. This marks the end of the process.
             4.3.3.2. If the card is an action, the card enters the Play zone and its effect resolves immediately. Then, the card moves to the
                        player’s discard pile. This marks the end of the process.
         4.3.4. Once all steps in 4.3.2 and 4.3.3 are completed, triggered abilities that were added to the bag can now resolve.
             4.3.4.1. If a card being played has a triggered ability that reads, “When [The Player] play(s) this [Card Type],” the triggered condition
                        is met during step 4.3.3 as the card comes into play and is added to the bag. This is an exception to section 1.6.1.
         4.3.5. Effects that change how a player pays the cost of a card (e.g., Singer) don’t change the ink cost of the card.
         4.3.6. Payment modifiers that apply to “the next [Card Type] you play” always apply to the next card of that type you play within the
                specified duration, even if you pay an alternate cost to play that card. If the payment modifier applies to a card with a specific
                classification, it applies to the next card with that classification, even if other cards of the same type are played before it. Some
                cards have a self-referential payment modifier that functions while the card is in a non-Play zone, meaning it applies to the card
                it’s listed on only when that card is played. A modifier that isn’t self-referential functions only while the card it’s listed on is in play.
                Example A: Doc – Leader of the Seven Dwarfs has an ability called Share and Share Alike that reads, “Whenever this character
                quests, you pay 1 {I} less for the next character you play this turn.” If the active player exerted Doc to quest this turn and then played
                a character for free as a result of another effect (such as from playing Just in Time), the 1 {I} payment reduction still applies.
                Example B: Perdita – Playful Mother has an ability called Who’s Next? that reads, “Whenever this character quests, you pay 2 {I} less
                for the next Puppy character you play this turn.” If the active player quests with Perdita and then plays a Flounder – Voice of Reason,
                the payment modifier for a Puppy character would still apply to the next Puppy character they play, since Flounder doesn’t have the
                Puppy classification.
                Example C: Lefou – Bumbler has an ability called Loyal that reads, “If you have a character named Gaston in play, you pay 1 {I} less
                to play this character.” This payment modifier is self-referential because it can apply only to playing that specific card. In contrast,
                Gadget Hackwrench – Brilliant Bosun has an ability called Mechanically Savvy that reads, “While you have 3 or more items in play,
                you pay 1 {I} less to play Inventor characters.” Even though Gadget has the Inventor classification, the ability doesn’t refer to itself
                when playing and begins to apply only when Gadget is in play.
    4.4. Use an Activated Ability
         4.4.1. An activated ability is an ability listed on a card the active player has in play that they can use to pay a cost to generate an effect.
                Activated abilities are normally written as [Cost] — [Effect].
         4.4.2. An activated ability with an {E} cost on a character can be used only if the character is dry. An activated ability on an item or
                location can be used during the turn the item or location is played.
             4.4.2.1. Some activated abilities {E} a character as a part of its cost. Only dry characters can be used to pay that cost.
         4.4.3. To use an activated ability, the active player follows the steps of the process listed here in order. These steps apply to all activated
                abilities. Only the active player can use activated abilities.
             4.4.3.1. First, the active player announces the ability they intend to use.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                     10
             4.4.3.2. Second, the player announces how they intend to activate the ability, whether for its ink cost or an alternate cost. If multiple
                      alternate costs could apply to the activated ability, the player chooses one and ignores the others for the purposes of
                      activating the ability. If the ability can be activated “for free,” ignore all costs except for {E} to activate the ability and skip
                      directly to section 4.4.4.
             4.4.3.3. Third, the player determines the total cost needed to activate the ability. The total cost is the ink cost or alternate cost plus
                      any payment modifiers. The resulting cost is the total cost.
             4.4.3.4. Fourth, the player pays the total cost. If the total cost includes any ink, the player must exert a number of ready ink cards
                      equal to the ink cost. If any other costs are included, the player pays those costs as instructed by the card text. Costs can be
                      paid in any order but must be paid in full.
         4.4.4. Once the total cost is paid, the ability is activated. The active player resolves the effect immediately. This marks the end of
                the process.
         4.4.5. Once all steps in sections 4.4.3 and 4.4.4 are completed, triggered abilities added to the bag can now resolve.
    4.5. Quest
         4.5.1. Only characters can quest. A character chosen to quest is the questing character. The active player who declares a questing
                character is the questing player. To quest with a character, the player follows the process listed below in order.
             4.5.1.1. First, the player declares the character they plan to quest with.
             4.5.1.2. Second, the player checks for any restrictions that prevent them from questing (e.g., they aren’t dry yet, they have
                      Reckless, etc.).
             4.5.1.3. Third, the player exerts the questing character.
             4.5.1.4. Fourth, the player gains lore equal to the {L} of the questing character. This marks the end of the process.
         4.5.2. Once the lore is gained by the questing player, the questing character has “quested.” Triggered abilities that were added to the
                bag during the process can now resolve.
         4.5.3. Once all effects have been resolved, the quest turn action is complete.
             4.5.3.1. If a questing character has a negative lore value, the questing player gains no lore (see 1.11.2).
    4.6. Challenge
         4.6.1. Only characters can challenge. A character declared by a player to challenge is the challenging character. The player who declares
                a challenging character is the challenging player. The opposing character or location is being challenged, and the player whose
                character or location is being challenged is the challenged player.
         4.6.2. Only the challenging character and the character or location being challenged are considered to be in the challenge. If an ability or
                effect refers to a character “in a challenge,” it’s referring only to one of the characters in the current challenge.
         4.6.3. Challenges are divided into two steps: the Challenge Declaration step and the Challenge Damage step. In the Challenge
                Declaration step, players follow the process to establish what character is challenging and what opposing character or location is
                being challenged. In the Challenge Damage step, players follow the process to deal damage, if applicable, and fully complete the
                challenge. These steps are always followed in this order.
         4.6.4. Challenge Declaration step
             4.6.4.1. First, the player declares one of their characters is challenging a character. A character must have been in play at the
                      beginning of the Set step of their player’s turn and ready in order to challenge (see 3.2.2.1).
             4.6.4.2. Second, the player chooses an exerted opposing character to be challenged.
             4.6.4.3. Third, the players check for challenging restrictions (e.g. Evasive).
             4.6.4.4. Fourth, the challenging player exerts the challenging character.
             4.6.4.5. Fifth, the challenge occurs, and any “while challenging” effects start to apply. This marks the end of the process.



disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                    11
          4.6.5. Any “challenges” or “is challenged” triggered abilities are added to the bag and resolve from the bag along with any other
                 triggered abilities that were added to the bag during the Challenge Declaration process. Once all effects in the bag have resolved,
                 the challenge moves to the Challenge Damage step.
          4.6.6. Challenge Damage step
              4.6.6.1. First, calculate the total amount of damage dealt to each character in the challenge, taking into account any current effects
                        that modify Strength {S} and damage. Apply Strength {S} increases and {S} decreases first, then damage increases and
                        damage reductions. The resulting number is the final amount of damage that character deals. If a character’s {S} is negative,
                        it counts as 0 {S} for the purpose of determining how much damage is dealt during the challenge.
              4.6.6.2. Second, all damage is dealt simultaneously. The challenging character deals damage to the character being challenged, and
                        the character being challenged deals damage to the challenging character. Place a number of damage counters equal to the
                        damage dealt on each character in the challenge (see 1.9, “Damage”). This marks the end of the process.
              4.6.6.3. Third, a game state check occurs.
          4.6.7. After the Challenge Damage step and once all effects have been resolved and there are no more abilities in the bag, effects that
                 apply “while challenging” or “while being challenged” end and the challenge is over. Any abilities that occur “after the challenge”
                 happen now and resolve. Then, the player can choose their next turn action.
          4.6.8. Characters can challenge locations. This follows all of the normal rules and processes of challenging with the following exceptions.
              4.6.8.1. When a challenging player would choose an exerted opposing character to challenge, the player chooses an opposing
                        location to challenge instead.
              4.6.8.2. Locations aren’t considered ready or exerted and can be challenged at any time during the Main Phase.
              4.6.8.3. Locations don’t have a {S} characteristic and don’t deal damage to the challenging character during the Challenge Damage
                        step. Locations have a {W} characteristic and can be dealt damage during the Challenge Damage step.
          4.6.9. If a character in a challenge is removed from the challenge for any reason, that challenge ends, following the process below.
              4.6.9.1. First, resolve any remaining triggered abilities in the bag.
              4.6.9.2. Then, effects that apply “while challenging” or “while being challenged” end and the challenge is over. Any abilities that
                        occur “after the challenge” happen now and resolve. Then, the player can choose their next turn action.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                 12
                    Example A: The active player has a ready Stitch – New Dog in play, and an opponent has an exerted Milo Thatch – Clever
                    Cartographer in play. The active player announces Stitch is challenging and chooses Milo Thatch as the character being
                    challenged. There are no restrictions or requirements to satisfy. The active player exerts Stitch. No effects trigger as a result of
                    these declarations. Stitch and Milo Thatch deal damage equal to their Strength {S} to each other. The active player and the
                    opponent each place damage counters on their character. A game state check is performed and no effects trigger from the
                    check. The challenge is over.


                                                                          CHALLENGEEXAMPLE
                                                                          CHALLENGE EXAMPLEAA




                                                                          2                                                      BANISHED
                                                                                               2


                                                                     2
                                  BANISHED

                                                                                          2




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                  13
                    Example B: The active player declares Marshmallow – Persistent Guardian is challenging an opposing Cheshire Cat – Not All
                    There. Cheshire Cat’s ability Lose Something? reads, “When this character is challenged and banished, banish the challenging
                    character.” Marshmallow’s ability Durable reads, “When this character is banished in a challenge, you may return this card to
                    your hand.” Marshmallow has 5 {S}, so he deals 5 damage to Cheshire Cat, who has 3 {W}. When the game state check is made,
                    Cheshire Cat is banished. This triggers his ability, and the opponent adds it to the bag. The opponent resolves the ability’s
                    effect, banishing Marshmallow. Because the players haven’t reached the step of the challenge in which effects in the bag are
                    resolved, they’re still in the challenge, and the active player adds Marshmallow’s ability to the bag. The active player can then
                    resolve it, returning Marshmallow to their hand. There are no more effects to add, and the bag is empty. The challenge is over.


                                                                        CHALLENGE EXAMPLE B


                                                                            5

                                                                                                                               BANISHED
                                                                                                 3
                                                                        5


                                                                                            0
                                 BANISHED
                             RETURNED TO HAND




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                               14
                       Example C: The active player declares Rafiki – Mystical Fighter is challenging an opposing Shenzi – Hyena Pack Leader, who
                       has 0 {S} and is at De Vil Manor – Cruella’s Estate. De Vil Manor has no abilities, but Shenzi’s ability I’ll Handle This gives her
                       +3 {S} while she’s at a location. Rafiki’s ability Ancient Skills reads, “Whenever he challenges a Hyena character, this character
                       takes no damage from the challenge.” After restrictions and requirements are checked and Rafiki is exerted, the active player
                       adds this triggered ability to the bag. The active player then resolves that effect. When the challenge proceeds to the Challenge
                       Damage step, Rafiki won’t be dealt any damage.


                                                                             CHALLENGEEXAMPLE
                                                                             CHALLENGE EXAMPLECC



                                                                         0                       3


                                                                         2
                                                                                         6                                               STAYS IN
                              STAYS IN                                                                                                     PLAY
                                PLAY
                                                                                          0
                                                                  3



    4.7. Move a Character
         4.7.1. A player can move only their characters. A player can move characters only to their locations. A player can’t move opposing
                 characters, and they can’t move their characters to opposing locations.
         4.7.2. Players can’t move a character from a location unless that character is being moved to another location.
         4.7.3. To move a character to a location, the active player follows the process listed below in order.
             4.7.3.1. First, the player chooses one of their characters and one of their locations and declares that the character is moving to
                       that location.
             4.7.3.2. Second, the player pays the chosen location’s move cost. If the character can move “for free,” the player ignores all costs to
                       move the character and skips directly to 4.7.3.3.
             4.7.3.3. Third, once the cost is paid, the chosen character moves to the chosen location. This marks the end of the process.
         4.7.4. Triggered abilities that were added to the bag during the process can now resolve. Once all effects have been resolved, the move
                 is complete.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                   15
 5.    CARDS AND CARD TYPES
      5.1. Card States



                                                                 CARD ORIENTATION




                                          READY                                              EXERTED




          5.1.1. While in any zone except for a player’s hand, a card can have one or more specific states.
               5.1.1.1. Ready – When a card is readied, it’s turned upright and is known as a ready card. Characters and items enter play ready.
               5.1.1.2. Exerted – When a card is exerted, it’s turned sideways. A player can use an exerted card’s abilities that don’t require {E} as
                        part of the cost. A player can’t use any of an exerted card’s abilities that include {E} as part of the cost.
               5.1.1.3. Damaged – A card that has at least 1 damage is considered to be damaged.
               5.1.1.4. Undamaged – A card that has no damage is considered to be undamaged.
               5.1.1.5. Under – A card that has one or more cards on top of it is considered to be under the top card in a stack (see 5.1.7). A player
                        can’t choose any card that’s under the top card (see 5.1.6) in a stack. A card that’s under another card and in the Play zone
                        isn’t considered to be in play. Any player can look at a faceup card that’s under another card at any time. No player can look
                        at the front of a facedown card that’s under another card at any time, not even their own.
               5.1.1.6. On Top – A card that has one or more cards under it is considered to be on top of all cards under it. A card that’s on top of
                        one or more cards doesn’t gain the text of any card under it. The card that’s on top of all other cards in a stack is called the
                        top card.
               5.1.1.7. In a stack - When a card is on top of or under one or more other cards in play, it and all cards under or on top of it are
                        considered to be in a stack. These cards are considered to be in a stack only while in play. If the top card in a stack leaves
                        play, all cards in the stack move to the same zone as the top card, and these cards are no longer considered to be in a stack.
               5.1.1.8. In Play – A card that’s faceup in the Play zone with no cards on top of it is considered to be in play. If a card is facedown,
                        under another card, or in any zone other than the Play zone, it’s not considered to be in play.



disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                   16
              5.1.1.9. Faceup – A card in the play area with its back (i.e., the side with the Illuminary icon) facing down toward the play surface and
                         its front (i.e., the side with the card’s cost and classifications) facing up toward the players is considered to be faceup. If a
                         card is put under another card faceup or has another card put on top of it while faceup, it’s still considered to be faceup.
                         A card that’s faceup is publicly known to all players. Any player can look at a faceup card at any time, even if the faceup card
                         is under another card.
              5.1.1.10. Facedown – A card in the play area with its back (i.e., the side with the Illuminary icon) facing up toward the players and
                         its front (i.e., the side with the card’s cost and classifications) facing down toward the play surface is considered to be
                         facedown. No player can look at the front of a facedown card at any time, not even their own. A facedown card is never
                         considered to be in play.
              5.1.1.11. Drying – A character that entered play during their player’s current turn is considered to be drying. A drying character can't
                         quest, can’t be declared as a challenging character, and can't {E} to pay any cost.
              5.1.1.12. Dry – A character that’s been in play since the start of their player’s turn is considered to be dry. A dry character can quest
                         and can be declared as a challenging character. Items and dry characters can {E} to pay any cost.
          5.1.2. A card in any zone except a player’s hand can have the state(s) described below. A card can have multiple states at the same time.
              5.1.2.1. A character enters play with the ready, undamaged, in play, faceup, and drying states. A character that’s in play can have any
                         of the states listed in sections 5.1.1 through 5.1.12 except under and facedown.
              5.1.2.2. An item enters play with the ready, in play, and faceup states. An item that’s in play can’t have the damaged, undamaged,
                         under, or facedown states.
              5.1.2.3. A location enters play with the undamaged, in play, and faceup states. A location that’s in play can’t have the ready, exerted,
                         under, or facedown states.
              5.1.2.4. A card in a player’s inkwell can only have the ready, exerted, and facedown states.
              5.1.2.5. A card in a player’s deck can only have the facedown state.
              5.1.2.6. A card in a player’s discard can only have the faceup state.
              5.1.2.7. A card in a player’s hand can’t have any state.
          5.1.3. If a state is applied to or removed from a card for any reason, the state is applied or removed immediately.
                  Example A: The active player decides to quest with a ready Flounder – Voice of Reason. As they exert Flounder to quest, the ready
                  state is removed from him immediately, and the exerted state is applied to him immediately.
                  Example B: The active player decides to play a Tinker Bell – Giant Fairy using her Shift ability on top of a Tinker Bell – Tiny Tactician
                  that’s ready, undamaged, in play, faceup, and dry. As that happens, all states except faceup are immediately removed from Tinker
                  Bell – Tiny Tactician and the under and in a stack states are immediately applied. The ready, undamaged, on top, in a stack, in play,
                  faceup, and dry states are immediately applied to Tinker Bell – Giant Fairy. The ready, undamaged, and dry states are immediately
                  applied to the shifted Tinker Bell because the character she’s put on top of already had those states. See 10.10 “Shift” for more
                  information.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                    17
    5.2. Parts of a Card


                                                                 STANDARD CARD TERMS
                                 1       Cost & Inkwell
                                                                               1
                                 2       Name

                                 3       Version

                                 4       Classification
                                                                                      2                     5
                                 5       Strength
                                                                                                    4                6
                                                                               3
                                 6       Willpower
                                                                               7
                                 7       Abilities and Effects                                                       8

                                 8       Lore Value




          5.2.1. Most parts of a card appear on all card types. Specific differences are noted in the entry for the relevant card type.
          5.2.2. Card Cost – The amount of ink needed to play the card.
          5.2.3. Inkwell Symbol – If this swirl icon, {C}, is present around the card’s cost, the card can be put into its player’s inkwell. Cards in an
                 inkwell represent that player’s ink. Each card counts as 1 {I}.
          5.2.4. Art – The art isn’t used for gameplay.
          5.2.5. Ink Type – The ink type of the card, identified by the ink type symbol. The colored bar behind the card’s name reflects the
                 associated color. A card’s ink type is important for building a deck and may be referenced in card rules. The ink types are: Amber,
                 Amethyst, Emerald, Ruby, Sapphire, and Steel.


                                                                                   Ink Key




                             Amber              Amethyst             Emerald                 Ruby           Sapphire             Steel




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                   18
              5.2.5.1. Some cards have more than one ink type. Cards with two ink types have two ink type symbols and count as each ink type.
          5.2.6. Name – The name of the card appears in larger print. A card’s name applies in all zones. An effect that looks for a card with a
                  specified name looks only at this line and ignores the version (see 5.3.6.1). The whole character or location name must be the same
                  as the specified name to be a match. A character’s or location’s name and version together constitute its full name.
                  Example A: Tinker Bell – Peter Pan’s Ally has an ability called Loyal and Devoted that reads, “Your characters named Peter Pan gain
                  Challenger +1. (They get +1 {S} while challenging.)” If you have Peter Pan – Fearless Fighter and Peter Pan – Never Land Hero in play
                  with this Tinker Bell, she gives both versions of Peter Pan Challenger +1.
                  Example B: The Sorcerer’s Hat has the activated ability Incredible Energy which reads, “{E}, 1 {I} — Name a card, then reveal the top
                  card of your deck. If it's the named card, put that card into your hand. Otherwise, put it on the top of your deck.” If the active player
                  names Lucky for the effect and then reveals Lucky Dime from the top of their deck, that isn’t a match. Lucky Dime is then put back
                  on the top of that player’s deck.
              5.2.6.1. Some characters have two singular names in addition to their printed name. These characters have an ampersand (&) or
                         something else that’s treated as an ampersand (see 5.2.6.3) between the two names listed on the name line. If an effect
                         looks for a card or character with a specified name, the specified name must exactly match one of the names on the card.
              5.2.6.2. A character with multiple names is still a single character.
                         Example A: Flotsam & Jetsam – Entangling Eels is a character that has three names. The card is a character named “Flotsam,”
                         a character named “Jetsam,” and a character named “Flotsam & Jetsam.”
                         Example B: Bruno Madrigal – Undetected Uncle has an ability called You Just Have to See It that reads, “{E} — Name a card,
                         then reveal the top card of your deck. If it's the named card, put it into your hand and gain 3 lore. Otherwise, put it on the
                         top of your deck.” If the active player names “Flotsam” for the ability’s effect and then reveals either Flotsam or Flotsam &
                         Jetsam from the top of their deck, the revealed card is a match and the active player puts it into their hand and gains 3 lore. If
                         the player names “Flotsam & Jetsam” and then reveals Flotsam from the top of their deck, that isn’t a match, and the player
                         doesn’t put the revealed card into their hand and doesn’t gain 3 lore. Flotsam is then put back on the top of that player’s deck.
              5.2.6.3. One character, Chip ’n‘ Dale – Recovery Rangers, doesn’t have the ampersand (&) in the card’s name line but is treated as if
                         it did.
          5.2.7. Classifications – Categories that identify some characteristics of the card and may be referenced in card rules.
                  Example: Hades – King of Olympus has an ability called Sinister Plot that reads, “This character gets +1 {L} for each other Villain
                  character you have in play.” This ability references cards with the Villain classification.
          5.2.8. Rules Text – Any abilities, effects, and rules text the card has appear in this space, called the text box. Some abilities have a cost
                  to use them. Abilities can be keywords (see section 8) or have a story name. The story name is used for referencing the ability and
                  isn’t used for gameplay.
          5.2.9. Flavor Text – Flavor text isn’t used for gameplay.
          5.2.10. Ancillary Information – Ancillary information isn’t used for gameplay.
              5.2.10.1. Artist Name – Artist who illustrated the card.
              5.2.10.2. Collector Number – Indicates where this card appears in the set. The number of unique standard cards in the set appears
                         after the slash.
              5.2.10.3. Set Number – What number set this card is from.
                         Example: The First Chapter, Rise of the Floodborn, Into the Inklands, and Ursula’s Return are indicated with 1, 2, 3, and 4
                         here, respectively.
              5.2.10.4. Language – The language the card is in.



disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                    19
              5.2.10.5. Legal Text – Copyright information.
              5.2.10.6. Rarity Symbol – Indicates how common the card is among the cards in the set it was printed in.


                                                                       Rarity Key




                     Common Uncommon Rare                  Super Rare Legendary          Epic     Enchanted      Iconic       Promo




    5.3. Characters
         5.3.1. Characters are a type of card that can be in play. A character card that’s in the Play zone is a character; in all other zones it’s a
                character card.
         5.3.2. Characters are generally played during a player’s Main Phase (see 3.3).
         5.3.3. Characters don’t list “Character” on their classification line. A card needs to have both characteristics outlined in 5.3.3.1 and
                5.3.3.2 to be a character. If not, the card isn’t a character.
             5.3.3.1. A character has a {S} value and a {W} value.
             5.3.3.2. A character has at least one of the following listed on the classification line: Alien, Ally, Broom, Captain, Colossus, Deity,
                      Detective, Dinosaur, Dragon, Dreamborn, Entangled, Fairy, Floodborn, Gargoyle, Ghost, Giant, Hero, Hunny, Hyena, Illusion,
                      Inventor, King, Knight, Madrigal, Mentor, Musketeer, Pirate, Prince, Princess, Puppy, Queen, Racer, Robot, Seven Dwarfs,
                      Sorcerer, Storyborn, Super, Tigger, Titan, Villain, Whisper.
         5.3.4. Only characters can quest or challenge.
         5.3.5. A character must have been in play at the beginning of the Set step of their player’s turn in order to quest, challenge, or {E} as part
                of a cost (see 3.2.2, “Set”).
         5.3.6. Characters have additional parts on their cards.
             5.3.6.1. Version – A card’s version differentiates cards with the same name. A card’s version name applies in all zones. A character’s
                      name and version together constitute its full name.
             5.3.6.2. Strength {S} – Primarily, how much damage this character deals in a challenge, though card effects can also reference this
                      value. If a character would deal damage equal to its {S} and it has 0 or less {S}, it deals no damage.
             5.3.6.3. Willpower {W} – Damage on a character is persistent, which means it accumulates over the course of the game. If a character
                      has damage equal to or higher than their {W}, they’re banished as a result of a game state check. Card effects can also
                      reference this value.
             5.3.6.4. Lore Value – How much lore their player gains when the character quests.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                  20
    5.4. Actions
         5.4.1. Actions are a type of card that enters play briefly to generate an immediate effect. An action card that’s in the Play zone is an
                action; in all other zones it’s an action card.
             5.4.1.1. An action is defined as having “Action” on the card’s classification line.
             5.4.1.2. Actions are played from a player’s hand. When an action is played, its effect resolves immediately. An action is put into the
                       Play zone while the effect resolves. After the effect resolves, the action is put into the player’s discard pile. An effect from an
                       action doesn’t enter the bag. (See 7.7, “Bag.”)
         5.4.2. Actions are generally played during a player’s Main Phase (see 3.3).
         5.4.3. Effects – Actions have effects rather than abilities.
         5.4.4. Songs
             5.4.4.1. Songs are a type of action that are defined as having both “Action” and “Song” on the classification line.
             5.4.4.2. Songs have a special rule in addition to the normal rules for actions (see 5.4.1 through 5.4.3). All songs allow the player to
                       pay an alternate cost instead of their ink cost to play them. Being a song means “You may pay, ‘{E} a character with ink cost
                       N or greater’ to play this card instead of its ink cost,” where N equals the ink cost of the song. This is called singing the song.
             5.4.4.3. Some songs also have the keyword Sing Together, which functions similarly to the special rule. (See 8.12, “Sing Together.”)
         5.4.5. Triggered abilities that occur from playing an action are added to the bag but won’t resolve until after the action is played
                (see 4.3.4).
    5.5. Items
         5.5.1. Items are a type of card that can be in play. An item is an item only while in the Play zone; in all other zones it’s an item card.
         5.5.2. Items are generally played during a player’s Main Phase (see 3.3).
         5.5.3. An item is defined as having “Item” on the classification line.
         5.5.4. If an item has an ability, that ability can be used during the turn the item is played.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                    21
     5.6. Locations


                                                                   LOCATION CARD TERMS


                                    1      Cost & Inkwell
                                                                                                                              1
                                   2       Classifications

                                    3      Move Cost
                                                                           3                                            4
                                   4       Willpower
                                                                                                       2
                                   5       Abilities and Effects     5
                                                                                                                              6
                                   6       Lore Value




         5.6.1. Locations are a type of card that can be in play. A location is a location while in the Play zone; in all other zones it’s a location card.
         5.6.2. Locations are generally played during a player’s Main Phase (see 3.3).
         5.6.3. A location is defined as having “Location” on the classification line. Locations are the only card type printed in landscape (i.e., with
                 the longer sides on the top and bottom).
         5.6.4. If a location has an ability, that ability can be used during the turn the location is played.
         5.6.5. Locations have additional parts on their cards.
              5.6.5.1. Move Cost – The amount of ink needed to move a character to this location.
              5.6.5.2. Willpower {W} – Damage on a location is persistent, which means it accumulates over the course of the game. If a location
                       has damage equal to or higher than its {W}, it’s banished as the result of a game state check. Locations don’t have a {S}
                       characteristic and don’t deal damage.
              5.6.5.3. Lore Value – How much lore its player gains at the start of their turn during the Set step.
 6. ABILITIES, EFFECTS, AND RESOLVING
    6.1. General
         6.1.1. An ability is any card text in the text box on a character, item, or location that can affect the game. An ability has one or more
                 effects. An effect is the part of an ability or action that gets resolved. An ability is considered to be fully resolved if all of its effects
                 have fully resolved. If an ability has an effect that has yet to fully resolve, such as one that didn’t happen or resolved with no effect,
                 that ability isn’t fully resolved.
                 Example: Cursed Merfolk – Ursula’s Handiwork has an ability called Poor Souls that reads, “Whenever this character is challenged,
                 each opponent chooses and discards a card.” The Poor Souls ability is a triggered ability. The effect of this ability is “each opponent
                 chooses and discards a card.”

disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                        22
              6.1.1.1. A card can have multiple abilities. These are normally separated by paragraph breaks as well as keywords or story names.
              6.1.1.2. Abilities generate effects. Action cards don’t have abilities; they generate effects as they resolve.
                         Example A: Huey – Savvy Nephew has two abilities: a keyword ability and an ability with a story name. The first is
                         Support, a keyword ability. The second is Three Nephews, a triggered ability. These abilities are separated on the card by a
                         paragraph break.
                         Example B: Ring the Bell is an action that has the effect, “Banish chosen damaged character.” This effect happens as the
                         action resolves.
          6.1.2. A card’s abilities and effects are made up of one or more sentences, separated by periods. Each sentence is a separate effect.
                  A sentence can have more than one effect. When an ability or effect begins to resolve, follow the order the effects are written
                  in. Once a card’s abilities and effects begin to resolve, all effects resolve as much as possible, even if part of the effect or effects
                  can’t resolve for any reason. Some actions and abilities have more than one effect to resolve as separate sentences of the action or
                  ability. These sentences resolve in the order they’re written, but all occur as part of the same resolution of the action or ability.
                  To correctly resolve an ability’s effects, the entire context and structure of the ability should be considered.
          6.1.3. All choices for effects are made as the effect resolves. If resolving an effect allows a player to choose “up to” N of something, the
                  player can’t pick the same choice for more than one iteration of N. If the resolving effect includes multiple instances of the word
                  “choose” or “chosen,” then the same choice can be made for each instance. “Up to” includes 0 as a legal choice.
                  Example A: Painting the Roses Red is a song action that has the effect, “Up to 2 chosen characters get -1 {S} this turn. Draw a card.”
                  The same character can’t be chosen twice. The card’s player could also choose 0 characters.
                  Example B: The Queen – Commanding Presence has an ability called Who Is the Fairest? that reads, “Whenever this character
                  quests, chosen opposing character gets -4 {S} this turn and chosen character gets +4 {S} this turn.” The same character can be
                  chosen for both the -4 {S} and the +4 {S} modifiers since the ability has two separate instances of the word “chosen.”
          6.1.4. If an effect contains the word “may,” the player whose ability generated the effect can choose whether they want it to happen as
                  the effect resolves. If the player chooses not to have it happen, that effect resolves with no effect, and no part of the “you may”
                  sentence is performed. If an ability or action has multiple effects separated by periods, and one of them contains the word “may,”
                  the choice applies only to that specific effect; the others resolve as normal.
          6.1.5. Some effects are considered sequential effects. These effects require a player to make a decision or pay a cost in order to
                  resolve them. These are normally written as “[A] to [B], “[A] or [B],” or “[A]. If you do, [B].” Note that both [A] and [B] can have
                  multiple parts.
              6.1.5.1. If the effect is “[A} to [B}” or “[A]. If you do, [B],” [A] is required as a part of the resolving effect. [A] can include paying {I},
                         and that ink is paid as the effect is resolving. If [A] can’t be completely performed, the effect can’t continue in sequence.
              6.1.5.2. If the effect is “[A] or [B],” the player is required to choose [A] or [B] as part of the resolving effect. If [A] can’t be chosen,
                         then [B] has to be chosen, and vice versa.
                         Example A: “Banish chosen item of yours to deal 5 damage to chosen character.” If the player doesn’t have an item in play that
                         they can banish for the sequential effect listed in the first part of the sentence [A], they can’t deal the 5 damage described in
                         the second part of the sentence [B].
                         Example B: “Whenever this character quests, you may shuffle this card into your deck to draw 3 cards.” This triggered ability
                         is added to the bag when the character quests. When the player resolves the ability from the bag, they can choose the
                         sequential effect of shuffling the card into their deck [A]. If they do, they draw three cards from part [B]. If the player chooses
                         not to do [A] or is unable to do part of [A] for any reason, they don’t draw three cards from part [B].




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                     23
                         Example C: Megara – Captivating Cynic has an ability called Shady Deal that reads, “When you play this character, choose
                         and discard a card or banish this character.” If the player doesn’t or can’t choose and discard a card, they must banish Megara.
                         Example D: Judy Hopps – Optimistic Officer has an ability called Don’t Call Me Cute that reads, “When you play this character,
                         you may banish chosen item. If you do, its player draws a card.” If the player chooses not to banish a chosen item, its player
                         doesn’t draw a card.
          6.1.6. If an ability or effect refers to “another” or “other,” it refers to any card that effect or ability doesn’t originate from or one that
                   wasn’t already selected by the ability.
                   Example: Mulan – Imperial Soldier has an ability called Lead by Example that reads, “During your turn, whenever this character
                   banishes another character in a challenge, your other characters get +1 {L} this turn.” Mulan must banish a character other than
                   herself, and she doesn’t gain the benefit of this ability herself because it applies only to your “other” characters.
          6.1.7. If an ability or effect instructs a player to play a card “for free” as a part of resolving that ability or effect, the player ignores all
                   costs and can’t choose to play that card by paying any other alternate cost (see 4.3.2.2). If playing a card this way causes any
                   triggered abilities to occur, those abilities are added to the bag but wait to resolve until the card the effect instructed the player to
                   play has fully resolved.
               6.1.7.1. If an ability or effect instructs a player to use an ability “for free,” the player ignores all costs needed to use the ability
                         except for {E}.
                         Example: During the active player’s turn, they have a Pride Lands – Jungle Oasis in play and a Donald Duck – Pie Slinger in
                         their discard pile. Pride Lands is a location card and has an ability called Our Humble Home that reads, "While you have 3 or
                         more characters here, you may banish this location to play a character from your discard for free.” When the active player
                         banishes Pride Lands with this ability, they play Donald Duck from their discard for free. Even though Donald Duck has a Shift
                         cost, the player can’t choose to pay it as an alternate cost to play him since he enters play as part of resolving
                         Pride Lands’s ability.
          6.1.8. Some abilities and effects have the language “for each” to define a single number used in that ability or effect. This can be used
                   on any type of ability or effect. If a non-static ability has “for each,” the number defined is counted once during the process of
                   resolving the effect. If a static ability has “for each,” the number defined is continuously counted for as long as the static ability
                   remains active.
                   Example: Prince John – Greediest of All has an ability called I Sentence You that reads, “Whenever your opponent discards 1 or more
                   cards, you may draw a card for each card discarded.” If the opponent discards 2 cards, then the active player may draw 2 cards. The
                   active player can’t choose to draw only 1 card. They must choose to draw either 2 cards or none at all.
               6.1.8.1. Some abilities and effects instruct the player to draw or discard cards “until” a specified number of cards is met. This
                         functions similarly to 6.1.8, where the number of cards needed to meet the specified number is counted once during the
                         process of resolving the effect.
          6.1.9. Sometimes an ability or combination of abilities is represented by a specific word or short phrase in bold text. These are known as
                   “keyword abilities.” See section 8. “Keywords” for more information.
          6.1.10. Sometimes a combination of abilities can be repeated indefinitely, called a “loop.” If all players are aware of and understand the
                   actions of each iteration of the loop, the player who maintains the loop proposes a specific number of iterations. The game is
                   considered to proceed immediately through those iterations without the player performing each one. Then the game continues,
                   and a new action must be taken.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                    24
          6.1.11. Some abilities and effects use “that” in their text to refer to something specific mentioned earlier in the text.
                   Example: Ursula – Deceiver of All’s ability What a Deal reads, “Whenever this character sings a song, you may play that song again
                   from your discard for free. If you do, put that card on the bottom of your deck instead of into your discard.” Here, “that song” refers
                   to the card sung by Ursula and not to any other song card that’s in her player’s discard pile.
               6.1.11.1. If card text references a specific zone where “that” card is put or located, only that zone is checked. If the card referenced
                         by “that” has changed zones, the part of the effect checking that zone for “that” card fails and resolves with no effect, even
                         if there are other cards whose full name matches the full name of “that” card. The player does as much as they can when
                         resolving the rest of the effect.
                         Example: A player has 2 copies of Ursula – Deceiver of All in play and exerts them both to sing a song using its Sing Together
                         ability. Ursula’s ability What a Deal reads, “Whenever this character sings a song, you may play that song again from your
                         discard for free. If you do, put that card on the bottom of your deck instead of into your discard.” Because both copies of
                         Ursula were exerted to sing together, both of their What a Deal abilities are triggered and added to the bag to be resolved.
                         When the first triggered ability resolves, the song card played using Sing Together is put on the bottom of its player’s deck.
                         When the second triggered ability resolves, “that song” card is no longer in the discard, so that part of the effect resolves with
                         no effect. Similarly, “that song” refers to a song card that’s no longer in the discard, so the latter part of the effect also does
                         nothing. Even if there’s another song card with the same name in the discard, “that song” refers only to the specific song card
                         that was sung by Ursula when the triggered abilities were added to the bag, not any other song card with the same name.
          6.1.12. Some abilities or effects apply only outside of the play zone. Read the entire ability to determine if it applies only outside of the
                   play zone.
                   Example A: An effect that reads “For each character card in your discard, you pay 1 {I} less to play this character” applies during the
                   process of playing the character.
                   Example B: Lilo – Escape Artist has an ability called No Place I’d Rather Be that reads, “At the start of your turn, if this card is in your
                   discard, you may play her and she enters play exerted.” Because the triggered ability condition is looking for the card in the discard,
                   this ability functions in the discard zone, not in the play zone.
          6.1.13. Some abilities or effects specify when an effect can happen, known as durations. They use certain words or phrases to define when
                   the ability’s effects occur or apply. Durations are indicated by the following words or phrases: “during,” “once,” “until,” “this turn,”
                   and “while.”
               6.1.13.1. During – An ability with this duration applies only at the specified moment or within a specific period listed after the word
                         “during.” If the current moment or specific period doesn’t match the one listed after “during” in the ability or effect, then
                         that ability or effect doesn’t apply.
                         Example: Triton – Young Prince has an ability called Superior Swimmer that reads, “During your turn, this character gains
                         Evasive. (They can challenge characters with Evasive.) This ability applies only if it’s the turn of the player who has Triton in
                         play. If it’s the turn of any other player, this ability doesn’t apply.
               6.1.13.2. Once – An ability with this duration can happen only a single time within the specified period listed after the word “once.”
                         The ability checks to see if it has fully resolved previously. If it has, it resolves with no effect. If a player has two or more
                         abilities with the same name, each ability checks independently.
                         Example: Taffyta Muttonfudge – Sour Speedster has an ability called New Roster that reads, “Once per turn, when this
                         character moves to a location, gain 2 lore.” The active player moves Taffyta Muttonfudge to a location and the triggered ability
                         is added to the bag. When the triggered ability resolves from the bag, it checks to see if this effect has already resolved this
                         turn. It hasn’t, so the effect resolves as normal. Then the active player moves Taffyta Muttonfudge to another location and the
                         triggered ability is added to the bag. When the ability resolves and checks, it has resolved already this turn, so it resolves with



disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                     25
                         no effect. If the active player has a second Taffyta and moves her to a location, her ability checks only whether that particular
                         ability has resolved, instead of any ability named New Roster. Since this is the first time the ability of the second copy of
                         Taffyta checks to see if that particular ability has resolved, it resolves as normal.
               6.1.13.3. Until – An effect with this duration applies up to a certain moment in the game defined in the effect, usually listed after the
                         word “until.” Such an effect applies as soon as it's generated.
                         Example: Dodge! is an action that has the effect, “Chosen character gains Ward and Evasive until the start of your next turn.”
                         Once the action is finished resolving, the chosen character gains those keywords. The character loses them at the start of their
                         player’s next turn.
               6.1.13.4. This Turn – An effect with this duration applies from the moment it's generated until that player’s End-of-Turn Phase,
                         immediately prior to the turn passing to the next player. Sometimes these effects have a condition or requirement to meet
                         for the stated duration of “this turn” to apply.
                         Example: Good Job! is an action that has the effect, “Chosen character gets +1 {L} this turn.” As soon as the action resolves the
                         effect, the character gets the +1 {L} for the rest of the turn. The character loses the +1 {L} during the player’s End-of-Turn Phase.
               6.1.13.5. While – An ability with this duration applies only if the defined condition is true. If the defined condition is false, the ability
                         doesn’t apply. A variation of this duration, “while here,” can appear on locations.
                         Example A: Noi – Orphaned Thief has an ability called Hide and Seek that reads, “While you have an item in play, this
                         character gains Resist +1 and Ward. (Damage dealt to this character is reduced by 1. Opponents can't choose this character
                         except to challenge.)” As long as the player who has Noi in play also has an item in play, the ability applies. Once the item
                         leaves play, Noi’s ability no longer applies.
                         Example B: Pride Lands – Pride Rock has an ability called We Are All Connected that reads, “Characters get +2 {W} while here.”
                         If a character is at this location, they get the +2 {W}. If the location leaves play or the character moves to another location, the
                         character immediately loses the Willpower {W} gained from the ability.
               6.1.13.6. Some abilities and effects use a combination of the durations above. Such an ability or effect is active and functional only as
                         long as all durations apply and the conditions of those durations are true. If any of those durations don’t apply or any of their
                         conditions are false, the ability or effect doesn’t apply.
                         Example A: Jafar – Striking Illusionist has an ability called Power Beyond Measure that reads, “During your turn, while this
                         character is exerted, whenever you draw a card, gain 1 lore.” The triggered ability happens only if it’s the turn of the player who
                         has Jafar in play and if Jafar is exerted. If either condition is false—if Jafar is ready, for example—the triggered ability won’t
                         happen and isn’t added to the bag.
                         Example B: Thebes – The Big Olive is a location that has an ability called If You Can Make It Here. . . . It reads, “During your
                         turn, whenever a character banishes another character in a challenge while here, gain 2 lore.” The triggered ability happens
                         only if it’s the turn of the player who has Thebes in play and only if a character at Thebes banishes another character in a
                         challenge. If either condition is false—if it’s an opponent’s turn, for example— the triggered ability doesn’t happen and isn’t
                         added to the bag.
          6.1.14. Some effects instruct the active player to reveal a card or cards.
               6.1.14.1. To reveal a card, the player shows the face of the card to all other players in the game. The player can reveal cards only from
                         the group of cards described earlier in the effect.
               6.1.14.2. Cards that are revealed remain revealed only for as long as the effect applies. Once the effect stops applying, the cards are
                         no longer revealed.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                     26
                      Example: The song Look at This Family has an effect that reads, “Look at the top 5 cards of your deck. You may reveal up to
                      2 character cards and put them into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your deck in any order.” The cards the player
                      chooses to reveal can only come from the top 5 cards the player looked at. The player can’t choose to reveal any cards from
                      any other group of cards.
    6.2. Triggered Abilities
         6.2.1. Triggered abilities occur when their trigger condition is met. They trigger only once per trigger condition met.
         6.2.2. Triggered effects start with “When,” “Whenever,” “The first time,” "The second time," “The next time,” “At the start of,” or “At the
                end of” and describe both the game state that causes the abilities to trigger and the effects of the abilities. The starting word
                or phrase and the condition are collectively known as the [Trigger Condition]. These effects are normally written as "[Trigger
                Condition], [Effect].”
         6.2.3. When an ability’s trigger condition is met, it’s added to the bag to be resolved as described in section 7.7, “Bag.”
         6.2.4. Some triggered abilities are written as “[Trigger Condition], if [Secondary Condition], [Effect].” Such an ability checks whether the
                secondary condition is true only when the effect resolves. If the condition is false, the ability resolves with no effect. If an ability
                has multiple “if [Secondary Conditions],” all of them are checked as the effect resolves.
                Example: Stitch – Carefree Surfer has an ability called Ohana that reads, “When you play this character, if you have 2 or more
                other characters in play, you may draw 2 cards.” When the active player plays Stitch, the triggered ability is added to the bag. When
                chosen to resolve, the effect checks if the player has two or more characters in play. If they don’t, the triggered ability resolves with
                no effect.
         6.2.5. Some triggered abilities are written as, “[Trigger Condition], [Effect]. [Effect].” Both effects are linked to the trigger condition, but
                each effect is independent of the other.
                Example: Scar – Vicious Cheater has an ability called Daddy Isn’t Here to Save You that reads, “During your turn, whenever this
                character banishes another character in a challenge, you may ready this character. He can’t quest for the rest of this turn.” Because
                the two effects are both linked to the trigger condition, if Scar doesn’t banish another character in a challenge, he can quest this turn
                as normal.
         6.2.6. Some triggered abilities are written as, “[Trigger Condition] and [Trigger Condition], [Effect].” These abilities function as two
                triggered abilities that are independent of each other, but both resolve for the same effect.
                Example: John Silver – Alien Pirate has an ability called Pick Your Fights that reads, “When you play this character and whenever he
                quests, chosen opposing character gains Reckless during their next turn.” The triggered ability occurs when John Silver is played and
                also when the active player quests with this character. The triggered ability doesn’t require both trigger conditions to be true at the
                same time for it to occur, only one or the other.
         6.2.7. Some abilities and effects create a triggered ability that can occur only during a specific duration or when a specific condition is
                met at a particular moment later in the game. These are usually created as the result of resolving an action card.
             6.2.7.1. Floating Triggered Abilities – Triggered abilities generated to exist for a specified duration. These exist outside of the bag.
                      Whenever the condition of the floating triggered ability is met, an instance of that triggered ability is added to the bag for
                      resolution. Once that duration expires, the floating triggered ability ceases to exist.
                      Example: Steal from the Rich is an action that reads, “Whenever one of your characters quests this turn, each opponent loses
                      1 lore.” When Steal from the Rich resolves, it creates the floating triggered ability defined by the card. This exists for the rest of
                      the turn. Whenever the player quests with one of their characters that turn, the condition of the floating triggered ability is met
                      and an instance of that triggered ability is added to the bag to resolve. The floating triggered ability continues to exist outside
                      of the bag until the end of the turn, when the specified duration in the condition expires.



disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                     27
             6.2.7.2. Delayed Triggered Abilities – Triggered abilities generated to resolve at a specific moment later in the game. This moment
                        is specified in the condition of the delayed triggered ability. The ability exists outside of the bag until that condition is met.
                        When the condition is met, the delayed triggered ability is added to the bag for resolution.
                        Example: Candy Drift is an action that reads, “Draw a card. Chosen character of yours gets +5 {S} this turn. At the end of your
                        turn, banish them.” When the action resolves, it generates a delayed triggered ability: “At the end of your turn, banish them.”
                        The triggered ability exists outside of the bag until the step of the End-of-Turn Phase where end-of-turn triggered abilities
                        occur (see 3.4.1.1). At that point, the triggered ability is added to the bag and resolves.
    6.3. Activated Abilities
         6.3.1. Activated abilities are abilities listed on a card in play that a player can choose to use during their Main Phase. They’re normally
                 written as [Cost] — [Effect].
             6.3.1.1. An activated ability with an {E} cost on a character can be used only if the character is dry. An activated ability without an {E}
                        cost on a character can be used the turn the character is played.
             6.3.1.2. An activated ability on an item or location can be used the turn the item or location is played.
         6.3.2. While there are no effects waiting to resolve and a character isn’t questing or in a challenge, the active player may use an activated
                 ability on that character as a turn action (see 4.4).
         6.3.3. Triggered abilities that occur from activating an ability are added to the bag, but they won’t resolve until after the effect from the
                 activated ability is resolved.
                 Example: A player has Fang Crossbow and Tinker Bell – Very Clever Fairy in play. Fang Crossbow has an ability called Stay Back!
                 that reads, “{E}, Banish this item — Banish chosen Dragon character.” Tinker Bell has an ability called I Can Use That that reads,
                 “Whenever one of your items is banished, you may put that card into your inkwell facedown and exerted.” If the player uses Fang
                 Crossbow’s Stay Back! ability and banishes the item as part of paying the activated ability’s cost, Tinker Bell’s triggered ability is
                 added to the bag but won’t resolve until the effect of Stay Back! has fully resolved.
    6.4. Static Abilities
         6.4.1. Static abilities are effects that could alter characteristics of a card, game rule, or game state. These are continuously active for a
                 specific length of time (usually a printed duration). A static ability that doesn’t specify a duration is continuously active for as long
                 as the card generating the effect is in play.
                 Example: An ability that reads, “Your exerted characters gain Ward until the start of your next turn” is a static ability that specifies a
                 duration. An ability that reads, “Your exerted characters gain Ward” is a static ability that lasts for as long as the card generating the
                 static effect remains in play.
         6.4.2. Static abilities can come from two sources: a resolved effect or a card in play. Continuous static abilities and applied static abilities
                 from a resolved effect generally have a duration. Continuous static abilities from cards in play generally don’t have a duration.
             6.4.2.1. Continuous static abilities generated from resolved effects affect all cards in play that the ability can affect. These static
                        abilities last for as long as their duration is active and are functional only during their existence. When the duration is over,
                        the effect ceases to exist, and all affected cards lose the effect immediately. If a card that would be affected by a continuous
                        static ability generated from a resolved effect is played after that ability has resolved, the card has that ability’s effect as it
                        comes into play.
                        Example: Restoring Atlantis is an action with the effect, “Your characters can't be challenged until the start of your next turn.”
                        When the effect resolves, a continuous static effect is generated and continues to apply to all characters it could apply to until
                        the duration ends. If a character is played after the effect resolves, that character is also affected by this continuous
                        static effect.


disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                    28
              6.4.2.2. Applied static abilities generated from resolved effects affect only cards in play at the time the effect resolved. Cards that
                        would be affected by the applied static ability but that entered play after the effect resolved aren’t affected. These kinds of
                        effects normally apply an ability or modifier to the affected cards on resolution.
                        Example: Kida – Protector of Atlantis has an ability called Perhaps We Can Save Our Future that reads, “When you play this
                        character, all characters get -3 {S} until the start of your next turn.” When the triggered ability resolves, a static ability is
                        generated that gives all characters -3 {S} until the start of the next turn. Because the effect applies to characters as it resolves,
                        a character played after the static ability was generated isn’t affected by the static ability.
              6.4.2.3. A continuous static ability generated from a card that’s in play affects all cards in play the ability can affect. These static
                        abilities last for as long as the card generating them is in play. If a card generating a static ability leaves play, its effect ends
                        as soon as the card is removed from the Play zone, and all affected cards lose the effect immediately. If a card that would be
                        affected by a continuous static ability generated from a card in play is played after that ability has resolved, the card has that
                        ability’s effect as it comes into play.
                        Example: A player has Weight Set and Grumpy – Bad-Tempered in play. Weight Set has an ability called Training that reads,
                        “Whenever you play a character with 4 {S} or more, you may pay 1 {I} to draw a card.” Grumpy has an ability called There's
                        Trouble A-Brewin' that reads, “Your other Seven Dwarfs characters get +1 {S}.” The player plays Happy – Good-Natured, which
                        has 3 {S}. Happy comes into play with the static ability from Grumpy applying to him and has a {S} value of 4. Because Happy
                        is played with 4 {S}, the triggered ability on Weight Set occurs.
          6.4.3. For some static abilities, determining whether their effect applies depends on checking to see if a condition within the text of the
                 ability is true or false. These abilities are known as conditional static abilities. To determine if a conditional static ability is active,
                 identify the word that ties the effect and the condition together, check to see whether that condition is true or false with regard to
                 the game state, and decide if the effect applies based on the result of that check and the rules described in section 6.4.4.
          6.4.4. Conditional static abilities tie their condition and effect together with the word “unless” or the word “if.” Some conditions tied to
                 their effects by the word “if” are part of a triggered ability and require a separate process to resolve (see 6.2.4).
              6.4.4.1. Some conditional static abilities are written as “[Effect] unless [Condition].” For these abilities, while the checked condition
                        is true, the effect doesn’t apply. While the checked condition is false, the effect applies.
              6.4.4.2. Some conditional static abilities are written as “If [Condition], [Effect].” For these abilities, while the checked condition is
                        true, the effect applies. While the checked condition is false, the effect doesn’t apply.
              6.4.4.3. Some conditional static abilities are written as “[Effect] if [Condition].” For these abilities, while the checked condition is
                        true, the effect applies. While the checked condition is false, the effect doesn’t apply.
                        Example A: Bashful – Hopeless Romantic has an ability called Oh, Gosh! that reads, “This character can’t quest unless you
                        have another Seven Dwarfs character in play.” The effect, “This character can’t quest,” applies and remains active for as
                        long as the condition, “you have another Seven Dwarfs character in play,” is false. Once the player has another Seven Dwarfs
                        character in play, the condition is true, and the effect no longer applies.
                        Example B: Lefou – Opportunistic Flunky has an ability called I Learned from the Best that reads, “During your turn, you may
                        play this character for free if an opposing character was banished in a challenge this turn.” During your turn, the effect “you
                        may play this character for free” applies for as long as the condition “an opposing character was banished in a challenge this
                        turn” is true. If an opposing character hasn’t been banished in a challenge during your turn, the condition is false, and the
                        effect doesn’t apply.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                     29
         6.4.5. Effects that “skip” a step or phase of the game are static effects. “Skip [Step/Phase]” means, “This [Step/Phase] doesn’t happen.”
                If the effect skips a step or phase, no part of that step or phase happens. Any abilities or effects that would occur because of that
                step or phase don’t happen. If an effect would skip a step or phase but that step or phase has already started, then it’s not skipped
                and continues as normal.
                Example: Arthur – Determined Squire has an ability called No More Books that reads, “Skip your turn’s Draw step.” If a player would
                start their Draw step with Arthur in play, they skip their Draw step and move immediately to the Main Phase of their turn. However, if
                a player finds a way to play Arthur during their Draw step, the current Draw step isn’t skipped and proceeds normally.
    6.5. Replacement Effects
         6.5.1. Some effects are considered replacement effects. These effects wait for the stated condition to occur and then partially or
                completely replace the event as it resolves.
             6.5.1.1. Abilities that include the word “instead” are the most common type of replacement effect.
                       Example: Stolen Scimitar’s ability Slash reads, “{E} — Chosen character gets +1 {S} this turn. If a character named Aladdin is
                       chosen, he gets +2 {S} instead.”
         6.5.2. An event is the resolution of an effect as a whole. If an event contains multiple effects, all of those effects are considered to be
                part of the same event.
                Example: Let the Storm Rage On is a song that reads, “Deal 2 damage to chosen character. Draw a card.” While there are two effects
                in the action, the resolution of both effects is the event. If one effect is replaced, the event is partially replaced. If both effects are
                replaced, the event is completely replaced.
         6.5.3. For an event to be replaced, the replacement effect must exist and be able to apply to the event when it would happen.
                Replacement effects can’t replace an event that has already happened.
                Example: Snuggly Duckling – Disreputable Pub has an ability called Routine Ruckus that reads, “Whenever a character with 3 {S} or
                more challenges another character while here, gain 1 lore. If the challenging character has 6 {S} or more, gain 3 lore instead.” When
                a character challenges another character while at this location, the triggered ability is added to the bag and resolves. On resolution,
                the replacement condition “If the challenging character has 6 {S} or more” is checked to see if it’s met. If the stated condition isn’t
                met, the replacement effect doesn’t happen, even if the stated condition would be true later in the challenge.
         6.5.4. When an event is replaced, it never happens. Instead, a modified event occurs. This modified event may trigger abilities or be
                affected by other replacement effects. Because the first event is replaced, abilities that would have triggered from it don’t.
         6.5.5. A replacement effect only has one chance to partially or fully replace an event. Once a replacement effect is applied and a
                modified event occurs, that replacement effect can’t be applied to the same event again, even if the event is further modified and
                the replacement condition is met again.
         6.5.6. Some abilities have replacement effects that partially or completely replace its own ability. These are known as self-replacement
                effects and are always applied first.
         6.5.7. If multiple different replacement effects can apply to the same event, the player whose cards or card effects are being affected
                follows the steps listed here.
             6.5.7.1. First, if any self-replacement effects can apply, choose one and proceed to section 6.5.7.2. If none can apply, proceed to the
                       next step.
             6.5.7.2. Second, if any other replacement effects can apply, choose one.
             6.5.7.3. After the chosen replacement effect has been applied, a modified event occurs. Repeat this process, taking into account
                       other replacement effects that can apply to the modified event, until no more replacement effects can apply.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                    30
                        Example: The active player has a Seven Dwarfs’ Mine in play, and the opposing player has a Beast – Selfless Protector and a
                        Flounder – Voice of Reason in play. Seven Dwarfs’ Mine has the ability Mountain Defense, which reads, “During your turn, the
                        first time you move a character here, you may deal 1 damage to chosen character. If the moved character is a Knight, deal 2
                        damage instead.” Beast – Selfless Protector has the ability Shield Another, which reads, “If one of your other characters would
                        be dealt damage, put that many damage counters on this character instead.”
                        The active player then plays Sleepy – Sluggish Knight, a character with the Knight classification, and moves him to Seven
                        Dwarfs’ Mine. When the location’s triggered ability resolves, the active player chooses to deal damage to Flounder, resulting
                        in the following event: Deal 1 damage to Flounder – Voice of Reason. Replacement effects from Seven Dwarfs’ Mine and Beast
                        can apply to this effect. Flounder is being affected, so the opposing player follows the steps listed in sections 6.5.7.1 through
                        6.5.7.3. First, the opposing player checks whether there are any self-replacement effects. The Mine’s effect “deal 2 damage
                        instead” is a self-replacement effect that can apply, so the opposing player chooses and applies it. As a result, the modified
                        event is: Deal 2 damage to Flounder – Voice of Reason.
                        The steps are repeated, and the opposing player checks for other self-replacement effects. Finding none, the opposing player
                        moves to the next step and checks for any other replacement effects. Beast – Selfless Protector has a replacement effect that
                        can apply, so the opposing player chooses and applies it, resulting in this event: Put 2 damage counters on Beast – Selfless
                        Protector. The opposing player repeats the steps, but since no replacement effects can apply, the effect resolves and the game
                        continues.
         6.5.8. Two or more instances of the same replacement effect can’t apply to the same event. If multiple instances of the same
                 replacement effect could apply to the same event, the player whose cards or card effects are being affected chooses one to apply.
                 The rest cease to exist.
                 Example: The active player has a Rapunzel – Ready for Adventure, a Flounder – Voice of Reason, and 2 copies of Heihei – Boat Snack
                 in play. Rapunzel has a triggered ability called Act of Kindness that reads, “Whenever one of your characters is chosen for Support,
                 until the start of your next turn, the next time they would be dealt damage they take no damage instead.” The active player quests
                 with a Heihei and chooses to add his {S} to Flounder’s {S} with Support, causing Rapunzel’s triggered ability to occur. The ability
                 is added to and resolves from the bag, creating a replacement effect: The next time Flounder would be dealt damage, he takes no
                 damage instead. The active player quests with the other Heihei and chooses to add his {S} to Flounder’s {S} with Support. Rapunzel’s
                 triggered ability is again added to and resolves from the bag, creating another instance of the same replacement effect.
                 The active player exerts Flounder to challenge an opposing exerted character. During the Challenge Damage step, damage is dealt
                 to each character in the challenge, resulting in the following event: The challenged character deals damage equal to their {S} to
                 Flounder. Flounder would be dealt damage, so the active player attempts to apply the two instances of the same replacement effect.
                 Because two or more instances of the same replacement effect can’t apply to the same event, the active player chooses one to apply,
                 resulting in this event: The challenged opposing character deals no damage to Flounder. The remaining instance of the replacement
                 effect can’t apply and ceases to exist.
    6.6. Ability Modifiers
         6.6.1. Some abilities and effects can modify a characteristic of a character or location in play, such as {S} or {L}.
             6.6.1.1. A modifier applies to a card continuously, either for a fixed length of time or for as long as the card generating the modifier
                        is in play. Whenever a modifier applies to a card’s characteristic, that characteristic changes immediately. This process
                        doesn’t use the bag (see 7.7, “Bag”).
             6.6.1.2. When multiple modifiers apply to a card’s characteristic, they don’t apply in any specific order but all combine to apply
                        together. If a new modifier would apply to a card’s characteristic, it combines with all other modifiers that apply to it.



disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                   31
                        Example A: The active player plays Grand Duke – Advisor to the King. He has an ability called Yes, Your Majesty that reads,
                        “Your Prince, Princess, King, and Queen characters get +1 {S}.” The +1 {S} modifier generated by the ability’s effect applies
                        immediately to the {S} of all characters the active player has in play with the Prince, Princess, King, and Queen classifications.
                        If that player plays another character with one of these classifications while their Grand Duke is still in play, the new character
                        enters play with the +1 {S} modifier applied and keeps that modification until the Grand Duke leaves play.
                        Example B: The active player has a Heihei – Rambling Rooster in play with 2 {S} and 2 {W}. Heihei gets +1 {S} from an effect.
                        Heihei now has 3 {S} and 2 {W}. Later in the turn, an additional effect gives Heihei -5 {S}. Heihei’s {S} is modified to be -2 {S}.
                        A later effect gives Heihei +1 {S}, bringing him to -1 {S}. Each time a modifier applies to Heihei, all other modifiers that apply to
                        him combine with it at the same time.
         6.6.2. If a character has a negative {S}, it deals no damage during challenges and counts as having a Strength of 0 except for the purpose
                 of applying modifiers to determine its {S} (see 6.6.1.2).
                 Example: The active player has a Yokai – Scientific Supervillain and a Microbots in play. Yokai has a triggered ability called Technical
                 Gain that reads, “Whenever this character quests, draw a card for each opposing character with 0 {S}.” Microbots has a triggered
                 ability called Inspired Tech that reads, “When you play this item, chosen character gets -1 {S} this turn for each item named
                 Microbots you have in play.” The opponent has a character with 1 {S} and 1 {W} in play. The active player plays a second Microbots.
                 When resolving the triggered ability, the active player chooses the opponent’s character, who immediately gets -2 {S} and now has -1
                 {S} and 1 {W}. The active player then quests with Yokai. Because the opposing character’s {S} is negative, they count as having a {S}
                 of 0 when resolving Yokai’s triggered ability, and the active player draws 1 card. Even though the character’s {S} counts as 0 for the
                 purpose of resolving Yokai’s effect, it isn’t changed to 0; they still have a {S} of -1.
         6.6.3. If a character or location has a negative Lore value {L}, it counts as having a Lore value of 0 except for the purpose of applying
                 modifiers to determine its {L} (see 6.6.1.2).
                 Example: The active player has a Flynn Rider – His Own Biggest Fan in play, and their opponent has 5 cards in their hand. Flynn has
                 4 {L} and an ability called One Last, Big Score that reads, “This character gets -1 {L} for each card in your opponents’ hands.” Because
                 the opponent has 5 cards in their hand, a modifier of -5 applies to Flynn’s Lore value of 4 (-1 for each of the 5 cards). Flynn now has a
                 new Lore value of -1. Because Flynn’s Lore value is negative, if the player exerts him to quest, Flynn counts as having a Lore value of
                 0 and the player gains 0 lore. This doesn’t change Flynn’s actual Lore value to 0, however. Flynn still has a Lore value of -1 until the
                 number of cards in the opponent’s hand changes or another modifier is applied to his Lore value.
         6.6.4. If an effect says a characteristic “can’t be reduced below” a specified value, that characteristic’s value can’t be less than the
                 specified value after modifiers to determine that characteristic’s value have been applied.
                 Example: The active player has an Elisa Maza – Transformed Gargoyle in play with 4 {S} and 4 {W}. She has a static ability called
                 Forever Strong that reads, “Your characters’ {S} can’t be reduced below their printed value.” Elisa gets -4 {S} until the end of her
                 player’s turn from an effect. After modifiers are applied, Elisa has a {S} value of 0, but because that value is less than her printed
                 value, her {S} is 4. Later in the turn, Elisa gets +1 {S} until the end of her player’s turn from another effect. After both modifiers are
                 applied, Elisa has a {S} value of 1, but because this modified {S} value is still lower than her printed value, her {S} is 4. Later in the
                 turn, Elisa gets +4 {S} until the end of her player’s turn from one last effect. After modifiers are applied, Elisa has a {S} value of 5.
                 Since this modified {S} value isn’t lower than her printed {S} value of 4, Elisa has 5 {S}.
    6.7. Resolving Cards and Effects
         6.7.1. To resolve a played card, the player takes the following actions immediately after the card is considered to have been “played”
                 (see 4.3.3), dependent on the type of card being resolved.
             6.7.1.1. If the card is a character, item, or location, it enters the Play zone (see 4.3.3.1). If a character is being played using its Shift
                        ability, it must be put on top of the card indicated in section 8.10, “Shift.”


disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                     32
              6.7.1.2. If the card is an action, it enters the Play zone, and its generated effect resolves immediately. Once the effect is completely
                          resolved, the action is put into the player’s discard pile (see 4.3.3.2).
          6.7.2. To resolve an effect, the player takes the following steps, in order, while following all instructions in the resolving effect’s text and
                  taking into account anything that could modify any step below during the process.
              6.7.2.1. First, if an effect uses “for each” to define a single number, that number is counted as described in section 6.1.8. Then, if
                          the effect includes a secondary “if” condition, check if the condition is true or false (see 6.2.4). If that condition is false, the
                          effect resolves with no effect. Otherwise, proceed to the next step.
              6.7.2.2. Second, check to see if any replacement effects would apply to the resolving effect (see section 6.5, “Replacement
                          Effects”). These effects happen before the resolving effect’s instructions are followed. If there are multiple replacement
                          effects that apply to the resolving effect, follow the rules in section 6.5.6. Once there are no replacement effects to apply,
                          proceed to the next step.
              6.7.2.3. Third, if the resolving effect deals damage to a character or location, calculate the total damage dealt by identifying the
                          amount of damage dealt in the effect’s text and applying any damage modifiers to it. The resulting number is the final
                          amount of damage dealt by the resolving effect. Then, proceed to the next step. If the resolving effect doesn’t deal damage,
                          ignore this step and proceed to the next one.
              6.7.2.4. Fourth, the player performs the instructions of the resolving effect’s text and makes any choices required by the effect in
                          full and in the order written. If the effect tells the player to do something, the player does as much as possible, even if some
                          part of that effect can’t be done. If the instructions include damage that was calculated in the previous step, all damage is
                          dealt simultaneously.
          6.7.3. Triggered abilities that occur during the process of resolving a card or an effect are added to the bag, but these won’t resolve until
                  after the card or the effect is resolved. If those triggered abilities occur during the process of resolving multiple effects from the
                  same action or ability, they won’t resolve until all effects from the action or ability are resolved (see 6.1.2).
          6.7.4. A game state check occurs after every effect resolves (see 1.8.1).
          6.7.5. If multiple players would act at the same time because of a resolving effect, the active player performs their part of the effect
                  first, then all other players do so in turn order (see 2.1.3). Each part is considered a part of the same resolution, and the effect isn’t
                  fully resolved until all players have performed all instructions.
                  Example: Donald Duck – Perfect Gentleman has an ability called Allow Me that reads, “At the start of your turn, each player may
                  draw a card.” While the triggered ability is resolving, the active player resolves their part of the effect first and draws a card. Then,
                  in turn order, each other player resolves their part of the effect and draws a card. Once all players have finished resolving their
                  respective parts of the effect, the effect has fully resolved and the game continues. A game state check occurs only after the effect
                  has fully resolved.
          6.7.6. If an ability or effect needs to reference a card’s characteristic from when it was in play but that card isn’t in play anymore, the
                  ability or effect references the last known value for that characteristic from before the card left play.
          6.7.7. If an action or ability instructs a player to play a card as a part of resolving that action or ability, the card is played while the action
                  or ability is resolving. Any effects that occur as a result of playing that card are generated or added to the bag, but they wait to
                  resolve until the action or ability that instructed the player to play that card finishes resolving. This also applies to the effects of
                  the card the player was instructed to play by the initial action or ability, even if that card is moved to a different zone.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                     33
                  Example: A player has a location named Sleepy Hollow – The Bridge in their discard pile and a Jim Hawkins – Space Traveler in play.
                  Jim Hawkins has an ability called Take the Helm that reads, “Whenever you play a location, this character may move there for free.”
                  The player plays the action Get to Safety!, which reads, “Play a location with cost 3 or less from your discard for free. Then, if you
                  have a location named Sleepy Hollow in play, draw a card.” As the action’s effect resolves, the player plays Sleepy Hollow from their
                  discard and puts it into play. Jim Hawkins’s triggered ability Take the Helm occurs and is added to the bag, but it doesn’t resolve
                  yet. Get to Safety! continues resolving, and the player draws a card because Sleepy Hollow is now in play. After the action is finished
                  resolving, the player can resolve triggered abilities like Take the Helm from the bag.
              6.7.7.1. An effect generated from an action played this way resolves after the card that instructed the player to play the action
                         finishes resolving but before any triggered abilities can be resolved from the bag.
         6.7.8. Some effects modify how a card enters play. These effects resolve along with the card being played.
                  Example: Mother Gothel – Withered and Wicked has an ability called What Have You Done?! that reads, “This character enters play
                  with 3 damage.” The effect resolves as Mother Gothel is put into play. There’s no moment within the game in which Mother Gothel
                  enters play with no damage on her.
 7. ZONES
    7.1. General
         7.1.1. All zones are considered separate from one another. Some zones may physically be present within the same space but are still
                  separate zones for gameplay purposes.
                  Example: The table represents the game area of the players. Although the players’ decks, inkwells, and discard piles physically
                  occupy that space, they aren’t in play, as they’re all separate zones.
         7.1.2. Cards in a public zone are publicly known. Players can look at or count the cards in any public zone at any time. Cards in a public
                  zone are considered public information.
              7.1.2.1. The public zones are play, discard, and the bag.
         7.1.3. Cards in a private zone aren’t publicly known. Players can’t look at them unless directed to by a game rule (e.g., drawing a card)
                  or an effect. Players can count the number of cards in a private zone at any time. A private zone isn’t considered private while
                  it’s revealed. If part of a private zone is revealed, only that part isn’t considered private. Cards in a private zone are considered
                  private information.
              7.1.3.1. The private zones are hand, deck, and inkwell.
         7.1.4. If an effect allows a player to look at one of their private zones for a specific card or type of card, they may fail to find that card.
                  If an effect allows a player to look at one of their public zones for a specific card or type of card, they can’t fail to find a card and
                  must choose an appropriate card if able.
         7.1.5. A card can exist in only one zone at a time. Only cards in a player’s Play zone are considered in play. Cards outside the game aren’t
                  in play. Cards in a player’s deck, discard, hand, and inkwell aren’t in play.
         7.1.6. If a card enters any other zone from play, all gained effects, damage, and other gained characteristics are removed, and that card
                  becomes a new card. Some abilities and effects may still refer to the card in its new zone.
              7.1.6.1. If an effect that is generated and waiting to resolve is from a played action, that effect will resolve before any triggered
                         abilities can be chosen to resolve.
    7.2. Deck
         7.2.1. A player’s deck is the set of cards they start the game with. The deck is where these cards are held during the game and where a
                  player draws cards from (see 1.12).




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                     34
         7.2.2. The deck is a private zone. The cards in a player’s deck remain facedown at all times and in a single pile. Players can’t look at or
                 change the order of cards in their decks during a game. Players can count the remaining cards in any player’s deck at any time.
         7.2.3. If cards are added to the top or bottom of a deck “in any order” and any of the cards were faceup, the order in which the faceup
                 cards are added to the deck must be known by all players.
                 Example: A player has two shifted characters in play, each with 2 cards total in a stack and each with 2 {S}. Their opponent plays
                 Under The Sea, a song with an effect that reads, “Put all opposing characters with 2 {S} or less on the bottom of their players’ decks
                 in any order.” The player can freely order and mix the individual stacks of cards around before placing them on the bottom of the
                 deck. Because all of these cards were faceup and thus known to all players, both the player and the opponent know the order the
                 cards are placed in.
             7.2.3.1. If those faceup cards are in one or more stacks, and/or any of those stacks contain both faceup and facedown cards, any of
                        the cards in those stacks can be combined and freely ordered with the other cards being added to the deck, including cards
                        in other stacks. No states are applied to or removed from those cards until they’re added to the top or bottom of the deck.
    7.3. Hand
         7.3.1. A player’s hand is where drawn cards are held. Cards can be added to the hand by other effects as well. Players start the game with
                 an “opening hand” of 7 drawn cards (see 2.2.1.4).
         7.3.2. The hand is a private zone. Players can look at the cards in their own hand but can’t look at the cards in another player’s hand
                 at any time. Players can count the number of cards in any hand at any time. Players can hold and rearrange their hands in any
                 comfortable and/or convenient fashion.
         7.3.3. There’s no maximum hand size. A hand can’t have fewer than 0 cards in it.
         7.3.4. If an effect instructs someone to discard, that player chooses the indicated number of cards from their hand and puts them into
                 their discard pile.
    7.4. Play
         7.4.1. A player’s Play zone is where their cards are played. Characters, items, and locations can be in the Play zone until they leave the
                 Play zone for any reason. Actions can be in the Play zone only for as long as their effect is resolving. Players can’t play cards into an
                 opponent’s Play zone.
         7.4.2. The Play zone is a public zone. Players can look at the cards any player has in play at any time. Players can count the number of
                 cards any player has in play at any time. Players can rearrange their Play zones in any comfortable and/or convenient fashion,
                 provided that the overall layout is clear and understandable to all players. The status of cards in play can’t be hidden from
                 other players.
             7.4.2.1. Facedown cards in a player’s Play zone are considered to be private information, even if those cards were public information
                        at one point. Players may count the number of facedown cards in a player’s Play zone. Players can’t look at facedown cards
                        unless a game rule or effect allows the player to do so. This is an exception to section 7.4.2.
         7.4.3. Whenever 1 or more cards would leave play, they first check whether any abilities would trigger from them and/or others
                 leaving play with them. The triggered abilities “see” the other cards leaving the Play zone along with the source card of the
                 triggered ability.
                 Example: Lyle Tiberius Rourke – Cunning Mercenary has an ability called Thanks For Volunteering that reads, “Whenever one of your
                 other characters is banished, each opponent loses 1 lore.” If a player has Lyle and two other characters in play, and their opponent
                 plays Be Prepared, the triggered ability on Lyle occurs twice, once for each character banished along with Lyle.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                    35
    7.5. Inkwell
         7.5.1. A player’s inkwell is where they put the cards they use as ink throughout the game. These cards are ink cards and each represents
                  1 {I} the player can use to pay ink costs. Nothing on the front of an ink card affects the ink it generates.
         7.5.2. Cards are put into a player’s inkwell facedown and ready. If multiple cards are put into a player’s inkwell at the same time, each
                  card is treated as a separate instance.
         7.5.3. There’s no limit to the number of cards a player can have in their inkwell.
         7.5.4. The inkwell is a private zone. Players can’t look at a card in an inkwell at any time, even their own. Players can count the
                  number of cards in any inkwell at any time. Players can arrange the cards in their inkwell in any way, provided that ink cards are
                  kept facedown and separate from cards in all other zones at all times. The status of cards in an inkwell can’t be hidden from
                  other players.
         7.5.5. If a card allows a player to put an “additional” card into their inkwell on their turn, they announce they’re using that effect, then
                  follow the normal steps of inking a card (see 4.2.3.1).
         7.5.6. Whenever an effect puts a card from another zone into the inkwell, the card isn’t revealed and isn’t required to have the inkwell
                  symbol. It enters the inkwell facedown as ink (see 4.2.3.2).
    7.6. Discard
         7.6.1. A player’s discard (also known as their “discard pile” or their “Discard zone” is generally where their cards that have left play
                  are held.
         7.6.2. The discard pile is a public zone. The cards in a player’s discard remain faceup at all times and in a single pile. Players can look at
                  and count the cards in any player’s discard pile at any time. A player can look at and rearrange the cards in their own discard pile at
                  any time.
         7.6.3. If multiple cards enter a discard pile at the same time, their player puts them into the discard pile in any order.
    7.7. Bag
         7.7.1. Unlike other zones, the bag isn’t a physical space but is only where triggered abilities created by the game wait to resolve.
         7.7.2. Only triggered abilities can be added to the bag. Activated abilities, resolving actions, and playing characters, locations, or items
                  aren’t added to the bag.
         7.7.3. Adding abilities to the bag follows specific rules.
              7.7.3.1. Whenever a triggered ability’s condition is met, the ability is added to the bag by the player whose card generated it. If
                         multiple triggered abilities happen at the same time, they’re added to the bag simultaneously. If the triggered ability’s
                         condition is met while another effect is resolving, it’s added to the bag but the players wait to resolve it until the current
                         effect is completely resolved.
         7.7.4. The order in which effects are resolved from the bag follows a process that continues until there are no more effects to resolve
                  from the bag.
              7.7.4.1. The bag checks to see which players have any abilities in the bag.
              7.7.4.2. If any of those triggered abilities are from the active player, they choose any one of their triggered effects and fully resolve it
                         (see 6.7.2).
              7.7.4.3. After the effect has resolved and the game state check has completed, the bag checks to see if there are any other triggered
                         abilities remaining in the bag and from which player. If the last player who resolved an effect still has triggered abilities in
                         the bag, that player continues to resolve their effects from the bag until that player has no more triggered abilities in the
                         bag to resolve.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                    36
              7.7.4.4. When the bag check returns with no more effects to resolve from that player, the bag checks to see if the next player in turn
                         order has any triggered abilities in the bag to resolve. If they do, that player begins to resolve their effects using the same
                         process the first player did in steps 7.7.4.2 and 7.7.4.3. This is known as passing the bag.
              7.7.4.5. This continues through all players in turn order and until there are no more triggered effects in the bag to resolve. Once the
                         bag is empty, the game continues with the active player.
         7.7.5. If a triggered ability is added to the bag by the currently resolving player, it's seen by the next bag check and can be chosen to
                  resolve next.
         7.7.6. If a triggered ability is added to the bag by a player who isn’t the currently resolving player, it waits to resolve until that player’s
                  turn to resolve effects from the bag.
         7.7.7. If a player leaves the game while abilities they added to the bag are still waiting to resolve, those abilities cease to exist.
                  Example A: The active player quests with a character. This meets a trigger condition on the questing character, so the triggered
                  effect is added to the bag to be resolved once the quest turn action is completed. When the quest and subsequent game state
                  check are completed, the bag checks for triggered effects to resolve and which players they originated from. The check returns
                  with the triggered effect from the active player, who chooses and resolves it. After the subsequent game state check is completed,
                  the bag checks again to see if there are any more triggered effects. The check returns with none, so the game continues with the
                  active player.
                  Example B: The active player quests with a character. Three triggered effects are added to the bag: two from the active player and
                  one from the opponent. When the bag checks for triggered effects to resolve, the active player chooses and resolves one of their
                  effects. During resolution, another triggered effect from the active player is added to the bag. After resolution, the bag checks again
                  and returns three triggered effects: two from the active player and one from the opponent. The active player was last to resolve
                  an effect, so they can choose another effect to resolve. After both of the active player's effects are resolved, the bag passes to the
                  opponent, who resolves their effects. During resolution, another triggered effect from the active player is added to the bag. After
                  resolution, the bag checks and returns one triggered effect from the active player and that it was the opponent who last resolved an
                  effect. Since there are no more triggered effects for the opponent to resolve, the bag passes back to the active player, who resolves
                  their remaining effect. When the bag checks again to see if there any more triggered effects to resolve, the check returns with none,
                  so the game continues with the active player.
 8. KEYWORDS
    8.1. General
         8.1.1. Keywords are abilities or combinations of abilities represented by short names and provide those abilities to the card based on that
                  name. Keywords are usually followed by reminder text describing what they do. This reminder text, enclosed in parentheses and
                  set in italics, isn’t rules text but only a memory aid. The current list of keywords is: Alert, Bodyguard, Boost, Challenger, Evasive,
                  Reckless, Resist, Rush, Shift, Singer, Sing Together, Support, Vanish, Ward.
         8.1.2. Some abilities stack, or combine; these abilities are followed by “+[N].” A keyword ability that doesn’t have a +[N] doesn’t stack
                  with other effects that provide that keyword. If a card with a keyword that doesn’t stack would get that same keyword from an
                  ability or action, it won’t get that keyword.
                  Example: If you have a character with Support and an effect gives that character Support, only the first instance of the keyword
                  applies. However, if the keywords were Resist +1 and Resist +2, the abilities would stack, and that character would have Resist +3.
    8.2. Alert
         8.2.1. The Alert keyword represents a static ability. Alert means “This character ignores the challenging restriction of Evasive.”




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                    37
          8.2.2. A character doesn’t gain Evasive from having the Alert keyword. They can still gain Evasive from another ability or effect.
    8.3. Bodyguard
          8.3.1. The Bodyguard keyword represents two abilities.
          8.3.2. The first of these is a static ability that functions while the character is being played. This ability means “This character may enter
                  play with the exerted state rather than the ready state.”
          8.3.3. The second is a static ability that creates a challenging restriction. This ability means “If an opponent would choose one of your
                  characters to challenge, they must choose this character or another character with Bodyguard if able.”
    8.4. Boost
          8.4.1. The Boost keyword represents an activated ability with a specified duration. Boost N {I} means “Once during your turn, you may
                  pay N {I} to put the top card of your deck facedown under this card.”
          8.4.2. No player can look at the front of a card that has been put facedown under another card at any time, not even their own.
          8.4.3. If a card is under another card, it’s not considered to be in play. Putting a card under another card with Boost doesn’t count as
                  playing that card.
    8.5. Challenger
          8.5.1. The Challenger keyword represents a static ability that functions while a character is challenging. Challenger +N means “While
                  this character is challenging, they gain +N {S}.” Because this is a +N ability, it stacks with other Challenger effects.
          8.5.2. A character with Challenger doesn’t gain +N {S} if they’re being challenged.
    8.6. Evasive
          8.6.1. The Evasive keyword represents a static ability that creates a challenging restriction. Evasive means “This [Type] can’t be
                  challenged except by a character with Evasive.”
    8.7. Reckless
          8.7.1. The Reckless keyword represents two static abilities.
          8.7.2. The first ability means “This character can’t quest.”
          8.7.3. The second ability means “You can’t declare the end of your turn if this character is ready and can challenge an opposing character
                  or location.”
          8.7.4. A player can still exert a character with Reckless to use abilities or sing songs if able.
    8.8. Resist
          8.8.1. The Resist keyword represents a static ability that modifies the amount of damage dealt to the card with the keyword. Resist +N
                  means “Damage that would be dealt to this character or location is reduced by N.” Resist is a damage reduction (see 4.6.6.1).
                  Because this is a +N ability, this stacks with other Resist effects.
          8.8.2. If damage dealt to this character or location is reduced to 0, no damage is considered to have been dealt.
          8.8.3. Damage put or moved onto a character with Resist isn’t affected by the ability.
    8.9. Rush
          8.9.1. The Rush keyword represents a static ability. Rush means “This character can challenge as though they were in play at the
                  beginning of your turn.”
    8.10. Shift
          8.10.1. The Shift keyword represents a static ability of paying an alternate cost to play a character instead of paying the character’s ink
                  cost. Shift means “If you have a character in play with the same name as this card, you may play this character by paying their




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                   38
                  Shift cost instead of their ink cost. If you do, put this card on top of another character you have in play with the same name.”
                  This is called shifting.
          8.10.2. If a shifted character is put on top of an exerted character, the shifted character enters play exerted.
          8.10.3. If an effect on a shifted character causes it to enter play exerted, it becomes exerted as it enters play, even if the character it was
                  on top of is ready.
          8.10.4. If a shifted character is put on top of a dry character, the shifted character enters play dry. If a shifted character is put on top of a
                  drying character, the shifted character enters play drying.
          8.10.5. A player can use a shifted character to perform all turn actions of the character it was put on top of. The shifted character doesn’t
                  gain the text of the character it’s put on top of (e.g., an activated ability), but it does keep any effects that apply to that character
                  when the shifted character enters play. A player can exert a shifted character to sing a song if the character it was put on top of
                  was dry when the shifted character entered play.
          8.10.6. A shifted character retains whatever damage is on the character it’s put on top of.
          8.10.7. When a shifted character leaves play, all cards in its stack (i.e., all cards under it) move to the same zone as the shifted character
                  card does, and the cards are no longer considered to be in a stack (see 5.1.1.7).
          8.10.8. The Shift keyword has two variants: [Classification] Shift and Universal Shift. These variant keywords are Shift abilities and follow
                  all rules for the Shift keyword with the following exceptions.
              8.10.8.1. [Classification] Shift means “If you have a character in play with the [Classification] specified by this ability, you may play
                         this character by paying their Shift cost instead of their ink cost. If you do, put this card on top of another character you have
                         in play with the specified classification.”
              8.10.8.2. Universal Shift means, “If you have a character in play, you may play this character by paying their Shift cost instead of their
                         ink cost. If you do, put this card on top of another character you have in play.”
    8.11. Singer
          8.11.1. The Singer keyword represents a static ability that allows a player to pay an alternate cost to sing a song. Singer N means “This
                  character can {E} to pay the alternate cost of a song card as though they had cost N instead of their normal ink cost.”
          8.11.2. This character counts as cost N only to sing songs and only during the process of playing a card. The character’s ink cost
                  doesn’t change.
    8.12. Sing Together
          8.12.1. The Sing Together keyword represents a static ability that allows a player to pay an alternate cost to sing a song with one or more
                  of their or their teammates’ characters. Sing Together N means “Instead of paying the ink cost of this card, you can {E} a number
                  of your or your teammates’ characters with total ink cost N or greater to play this card without paying its ink cost,” where N is the
                  ink cost of the song.
          8.12.2. When playing a song using Sing Together, add the ink costs of one or more of your ready characters together. If the total meets or
                  exceeds the cost listed for Sing Together, the character or characters can sing the song.
          8.12.3. Characters that have the triggered ability condition “Whenever this character sings a song” and are one of the characters singing
                  the song with Sing Together, the condition is met, and the triggered ability is added to the bag to resolve.
    8.13. Support
          8.13.1. The Support keyword represents a triggered ability. Support means “Whenever this character quests, you may add this character’s
                  {S} to another chosen character’s {S} this turn.”




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                    39
   8.14. Vanish
         8.14.1. The Vanish keyword represents a triggered ability. Vanish means “When this character is chosen by an opponent as part of
                  resolving an action’s effect, banish this character.”
         8.14.2. The Vanish triggered ability resolves after the action’s effect resolves. If the character has moved to a different zone before the
                  triggered ability resolves, it resolves with no effect.
   8.15. Ward
         8.15.1. The Ward keyword represents a static ability. Ward means “Your opponents can’t choose this card when resolving an effect.”
         8.15.2. Effects that don’t require the player to choose still affect a character with Ward.
9. MULTIPLAYER
   9.1. Multiplayer games are played with three or more players. Team games are a subset of multiplayer play that aren’t covered in this document.
   9.2. Multiplayer games follow the same rules as two-player games. The following rules are additional rules for multiplayer games. These rules
		 may change the official rule from above. For multiplayer games, these rules either augment or change the standard rules
		of Disney Lorcana.
		9.2.1. At the end of each player’s turn, play proceeds to the player on their left rather than going back and forth across the table.
		9.2.2. If an ability requires more than one player to do something at the same time, the active player does it first. Then, proceed to the left,
			           one player at a time, until all players are done.
		9.2.3. When a player loses the game from ending their turn with no cards in their deck (see 1.8.1.2), they must leave the game
			           immediately. All of that player’s cards and effects are removed from the game, including any triggered abilities they added to the bag
			           that haven’t resolved. Any generated static effects with a stated duration continue until the stated duration is finished.
			 Example: Pete – Games Referee has an ability called Blow the Whistle that reads, “When you play this character, opponents can’t play
			           actions until the start of your next turn.” If a player in a multiplayer game plays Pete but then loses or leaves the game later, all their
			           cards are removed, including that Pete, but the generated static ability from Pete still applies. When it would be that player’s next turn,
			           the static effect ends before the next player in the turn order begins their turn.
   9.3. Some multiplayer game formats use simultaneous turns.
		9.3.1. During a simultaneous turn, all players on the same team progress through the phases and steps of the game at the same time. 		
			           During the Main Phase, the players can take any turn action they could take normally, in any player order they wish. A player must
			           complete one turn action in its entirety before any player can begin the next turn action.
		9.3.2. If triggered abilities or effects are added to the bag by multiple players during a simultaneous turn, these triggered abilities or 		
			           effects are added to the bag by the team as a whole, and the order in which they’re resolved is chosen by the team. Otherwise, 		
			           resolving abilities and effects follows the rules listed in section 7.7, “Bag.”
			 Example: Three players are members of the same team taking a simultaneous turn. During the Ready step of the Start-of-Turn Phase, all
			           three players ready their cards at the same time. During the Set step, all three players gain lore from locations they have in play with
			 a {L} characteristic and then add any effects or abilities that triggered during the Ready step to the bag at the same time. In the Draw
			           step, all three players draw a card from their decks at the same time.
			           After the game moves into the Main Phase, the three players continue with their simultaneous turn. The first player wants to put a card
			           into their inkwell; the second wants to quest; and the third has decided to have one of their characters challenge an opposing
			           character. The players can decide the order of these turn actions together, but each turn action must be completed in its entirety before
			           the next player can act. During the End-of-Turn Phase, the players declare the end of their turn. All triggers are added to the bag at the
			           same time and all “this turn” effects end at the same time.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                    40
 10. CASUAL GAME VARIANTS
    10.1. General
          10.1.1. This section contains optional rules for the use in casual game variants of Disney Lorcana. This section isn’t meant to
                  be comprehensive.
          10.1.2. All casual game variants follow the normal rules for Disney Lorcana except as defined in the variant's description. If the normal
                  rules and the casual game variant rules ever contradict each other, follow the casual game variant rule when playing that
                  specific variant.
                  Example: In a normal game of Disney Lorcana, the starting hand size is 7. In a Pack Rush game of Disney Lorcana, the starting hand
                  size is 5. When playing Pack Rush, use the starting hand size of 5 instead of 7.
    10.2. Pack Rush
          10.2.1. In Pack Rush, each player takes two unopened Disney Lorcana booster packs and shuffles them together to play one game. Pack
                  Rush is considered a Limited format. Booster packs can be from any set for all players.
              10.2.1.1. There's no minimum deck size. The deck size is determined by the total number of Disney Lorcana cards in the two
                         booster packs.
          10.2.2. Before shuffling the cards together, players take any marketing cards in the pack and set them aside. Before drawing opening
                  hands, players take 2 of the marketing cards from the packs and put them into their inkwell. This means each player starts the
                  game with 2 cards in their inkwell.
              10.2.2.1. Marketing cards can’t be moved from the inkwell to any other zone.
              10.2.2.2. Marketing cards can’t be chosen for effects.
          10.2.3. The starting hand size for Pack Rush is 5.
          10.2.4. When a player reaches 15 or more lore, they win the game.
          10.2.5. When a player runs out of cards in their deck, they don’t lose the game. Instead, they shuffle the cards in their discard and place
                  them facedown as their new deck.

GLOSSARY
      ability
      Special rules explaining what the card can do that differs from the game rules, such as an effect that resolves as a result of the card being
      played.
      action card
      A type of card that gives its player an immediate one-time advantage. When an action card is played, its player resolves its effects and then
      puts it in their discard pile.
      action, game
      When a player does something in game that’s part of a normal turn, such as draw a card, exert a character, declare a challenging character,
      etc., it’s a game action. A game action is singular.
      action, turn
      One of a set of game actions with predefined processes that arrive at a specific outcome.
      activate
      To use an activated ability of a card.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                   41
     activated ability
     An ability that a player may use after paying its cost. An activated ability can’t be used if its cost can’t be paid. Activated abilities of items may
     be used during the turn the item is played.
     active player
     The player who has started their turn. When a player ends their turn, they’re no longer the active player.
     alter a starting hand
     When a player chooses to modify their starting hand at the beginning of the game after each player has drawn their starting hand. Each player
     may take any number of those cards, put them on the bottom of their deck without revealing them, draw until they have 7 cards in their hand,
     and reshuffle their deck. A player can’t alter their starting hand more than once in a game.
     alternate cost
     A cost the active player can choose to pay to play a card instead of paying that card’s ink cost.
     applied static ability
     A static ability generated from a resolved effect that applies only to cards in play at the time that effect is resolved.
     bag
     A non-physical zone where triggered abilities wait before determining how their effects resolve. Whenever a triggered ability’s condition is
     met, the ability is added to the bag.
     banish/banished
     When a character, item, or location is put from play into their player’s discard pile, either as a result of abilities or effects or—in the case of
     characters and locations—when the card has damage equal to or greater that its Willpower {W}. A character, item, or location put into their
     player’s discard this way is considered to be banished.
     card type
     The type that each card has, such as character, action, item, or location. A card’s type determines the rules for how to play it.
     challenge
     When a player exerts one of their dry characters and chooses an exerted opposing character or an opposing location. Each character deals
     damage equal to their Strength {S} to the other character or the location.
     challenging/challenged character
     A challenging character is the character declared by the active player to challenge an opposing character or location. A challenged character
     is the opposing character who is being challenged. Both the challenging and challenged characters are considered “in a challenge” for the
     duration of the challenge.
     challenging/challenged player
     A challenging player is the player who declared a challenging character. A challenged player is the player whose character is challenged.
     character
     A card that has at least one of the classifications listed in 6.1.2.2 on its classification line and also has both {S} and {W} characteristics. A
     character that’s played is put into the Play zone and remains there until it’s banished or removed from play by a game effect. A player may have
     multiple copies of a character with the same name in their deck but can’t have more than 4 copies with the same full name.
     classification
     A category that identifies some characteristics of the card and may be referenced in rules of other cards. A card’s classification is located to
     the right of its ink type symbol.
     condition
     A game state that is checked to be true or false or met or unmet.


disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                    42
     conditional static ability
     A static ability that only applies if a condition within the text of that ability is true or false.
     continuous static ability
     A static ability that affects all cards in play that ability can effect. This type of static ability lasts for as long as its duration is active and is
     functional only while it exists.
     cost
     What is required in order to play a card or use an activated ability. This may be an ink cost or an alternate cost such as exerting a character.
     An activated ability can’t be used if its full cost can’t be paid.
     damage
     Damage on a character or location is represented by damage counters and counts against its Willpower {W}. Damage is dealt by characters in
     challenges and by some effects. When a card with damage moves from in play to any other zone, the damage ceases to exist.
     damage counter
     A counter put on a character or location card to show how much damage it has. A single damage counter normally represents 1 damage; any
     damage counter intended to represent more than 1 damage counts as a separate damage counter for each 1 damage it represents. If an effect
     puts a damage counter onto a character or location, it doesn’t count as damage dealt to the character or location and isn’t affected by
     modifications to damage dealt.
     damaged/undamaged
     A character or location with 1 or more damage is considered damaged. A character or location with no damage on it is considered undamaged.
     deck
     A set of cards a player uses in the game. The parameters of the deck are defined by the format being played. For example, in Core Constructed
     a deck consists of 60 or more cards, up to two ink types, and up to 4 cards with the same name and version (together known as a full name).
     Other formats may have different construction rules. There's no upper limit to the number of cards in a deck. The deck is a private zone.
     delayed triggered ability
     A triggered ability generated to resolve at a specific moment later in the game.
     discard
     noun. The single faceup pile where actions are put after they’ve finished resolving and where other cards are put after being banished or
     discarded. When a player puts a card from their hand into their discard, they’re discarding that card. The discard is considered a public zone.
     Also called the “discard pile.”
     verb. When a player chooses 1 or more cards from their hand and puts them into their discard. A player can discard only from their hand. If a
     player is instructed by the text of an ability or effect to discard their hand, the player can choose to discard a hand that has 0 cards in it.
     draw
     When a player takes the top card of their deck and puts that card into their hand. A player can draw only from their deck.
     Draw step
     The third step of the Start-of-Turn Phase of a player’s turn, when the player puts the top card of their deck into their hand. Once all effects
     have been resolved and there are no more waiting to be added, the game moves into the Main Phase. On the first turn of the game, the active
     player skips this step.
     dry
     A character that was in play at the start of its player’s current turn is considered to be dry.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                    43
     drying
     A character that was played after the start of its player’s current turn is considered to be drying. Drying characters can’t quest, challenge, or
     {E} to pay any cost. Non-activated abilities on drying characters, including abilities that trigger “When you play this character,” are still in effect
     while the character is drying. Drying characters may still be affected by card effects.
     duration
     A specified length of in-game time that describes how long an ability or effect applies.
     effect
     What happens as a result of resolving an action or ability.
     End-of-Turn Phase
     The turn structure’s third phase, which begins when the active player declares the end of their turn.
     exert
     To turn a card sideways, such as to quest, challenge, or pay the cost of a card or ability. Some abilities use the {E} symbol to show that the card
     must be exerted as part of the ability’s cost. While a card is exerted, its player may still use abilities on it that don’t require them to {E}.
     exerted
     A card that is or has been turned sideways.
     facedown
     A card in the play area with its back facing up toward the players and its front facing down toward the play surface. No player can look at the
     front of a facedown card at any time, not even their own. A facedown card is never considered to be in play.
     faceup
     A card in the play area with its back facing down toward the play surface and its front facing up toward the players. A faceup card is publicly
     known and can be looked at by any player at any time.
     floating triggered ability
     A triggered ability generated to exist for a specified duration.
     for free
     A player who plays a card or uses an activated ability for free can’t choose any other alternate cost for playing the card or activating the ability.
     An activated ability for free must still pay {E}.
     full name
     For cards that have a version in addition to a name, the combination of the two.
     game state check
     The check the game performs to verify a set of conditions and the required actions when one or more of those conditions are met. This check
     occurs at the end of each step, after each action or ability is finished resolving, and after each effect in the bag is finished resolving (see 1.8).
     hand
     The zone where cards drawn by a player are held.
     Illuminary icon
     The icon on the back of a standard Disney Lorcana card.
     in a stack
     Two or more cards that are in play and in a single pile comprising a top card and all cards under it. If the top card in a stack moves to a specific
     zone, all cards under that card move to the same zone, and the cards are no longer considered to be in a stack.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                    44
     in play
     A card in the Play zone without any cards on top of it. If a card is under another card, it’s not considered to be in play. If a card is facedown,
     under another card, or in any zone other than the Play zone, it’s not considered to be in play.
     ink
     noun. The resource that players use to pay the cost of playing cards and using certain abilities. A player’s ink is represented by the cards
     they’ve put into their inkwell, also called ink cards.
     verb. When a player puts a card from their hand into their inkwell as a turn action, also called inking a card. A player can ink only 1 card during
     their turn, and that card must have the inkwell symbol around its cost to indicate that it’s inkable.
     ink type
     The ink type of a card as shown by the ink type symbol at the left edge of the card, just above the text box. The six ink types are Amber,
     Amethyst, Emerald, Ruby, Sapphire, and Steel, and each has its own symbol on the cards. A deck can have up to two ink types.
     inkwell
     The private zone where a player puts their ink cards, facedown. Each card in a player’s inkwell represents 1 {I}, no matter what’s on the front of
     the card, and players can’t look at the front of the cards in any inkwell.
     inkwell symbol {C}
     A circular symbol that’s present around a card’s cost if that card can be inked, or put into its player’s inkwell and used as ink.
     is/was damaged
     Takes/took damage.
     item
     A card that lists “Item” on its classification line. When a player plays an item, they put it in their Play zone, where it remains until it’s banished
     or removed from play by a game effect. Items can be exerted during the turn they’re played. A player can’t have more than 4 copies of an item
     with the same full name in their deck.
     keyword ability
     An ability or abilities represented by a short, bolded name that’s the same wherever the ability appears. Examples of keyword abilities include
     Bodyguard, Challenger, Evasive, Reckless, and Rush.
     location
     A card that lists “Location” on its classification line. When a player plays a location, they put it in their Play zone. Locations have a cost to play,
     a move cost to move a character to the location, and Willpower {W}. Locations can be dealt damage and can be challenged; when a location
     has damage equal to or greater than its Willpower {W} that location is banished. A location may have a Lore value {L}, which is how much lore
     its player gains at the start of their turn during the Set step. If a location has an activated ability, that ability can be used the same turn the
     location comes into play. A player may have multiple copies of a location with the same name in their deck but can’t have more than 4 copies
     with the same full name.
     lore
     The resource players race to gain as they play. The first player to reach 20 lore wins the game.
     Lore value {L}
     A card characteristic that indicates the amount of lore its player can gain from it each turn. On a character, this lore is gained by questing. On a
     location, this lore is gained at the start of the player’s turn during the Set step.
     Main Phase
     The second phase of the turn structure, when a player can take any of the Main Phase turn actions (see 3.3, “Main Phase”).




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                    45
     move cost {M}
     The cost to move one of your characters to one of your locations.
     multiplayer game
     A game played with three or more players.
     name
     A card’s name appears in large text above its classification line. On actions, items, and locations, the name is located in the center of the card.
     On characters, the name is located on the left of the card, across from its {S} and {W}. A character’s or location’s name and version together
     make up the card’s full name.
     on top
     When a card has 1 or more cards under it.
     opponent
     Anyone a player is playing against. Also known as opposing player.
     opposing character
     A character played by an opponent.
     opposing player
     Anyone a player is playing against. Also known as opponent.
     passing the bag
     The process in which multiple players with triggered abilities in the bag determine the order in which players resolve those abilities (see 6.7).
     phase
     One of the three main parts of a turn. The phases of a player’s turn are the Start-of-Turn Phase, Main Phase, and End-of-Turn Phase.
     play
     The act of playing a card. A card can be played only from a player’s hand. If the card played is an action, the player reveals the card, pays its
     cost, puts it into play, resolves its effects, and then discards it. If the card played is a character, item, or location, the player reveals the card,
     pays its cost, and puts that card into play.
     player
     Anyone playing the game.
     private zone
     A zone where the cards aren’t publicly known. Players can’t look at them unless directed by a game rule (e.g., drawing a card) or an effect.
     Players can count the number of cards in a private zone at any time. While a private zone is revealed, it’s not considered private.
     public zone
     A zone where the cards are publicly known. Players can look at or count the cards in any public zone at any time.
     quest
     When a player exerts a character to gain lore equal to that character’s Lore value {L}. A character can’t quest the same turn it’s played.
     ready
     verb. To put a card in the ready position (upright). A player readies all of their exerted cards in the Ready step of their turn.
     adjective. A card that’s currently in the ready position.
     Ready step
     The first step of the Start-of-Turn Phase of a player’s turn, when effects that apply “during your turn” start applying and the active player
     readies all their exerted cards. Effects with the duration “until the start of your next turn” end. Effects that trigger “at the start of your turn”
     trigger. However, they wait until the Set step to start resolving.


disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                     46
     reminder text
     Italicized text following a keyword or other rules text and enclosed in parentheses. It’s not rules text and serves only as a memory aid.
     replacement effect
     An effect generated by some abilities that replaces one effect with another.
     reveal
     Showing the face of a card or cards from a private zone to all other players. The player can reveal cards only from the group of cards described
     in the effect. The revealed cards remain revealed for as long as the effect that caused them to be revealed is resolving. Being revealed doesn’t
     move cards from the zone they’re in.
     self-replacement effect
     An ability that has a replacement effect that partially or completely replaces its own ability or abilities.
     sequential effect
     An effect that requires a player to make a decision or pay a cost in order to resolve it. Such an effect is normally written as “[A] to [B], “[A] or
     [B],” or “[A]. If you do, [B].”
     Set step
     The second step of the Start-of-Turn Phase of a player’s turn, when characters that are in play are no longer drying and can quest, challenge,
     or {E} to pay costs for activated abilities or song cards. During this step, the active player gains lore from locations they have in play with a {L}
     characteristic. Effects that occur “At the start of your turn” and abilities that triggered during the Ready step are added to the bag, then all
     triggers are resolved.
     shuffle
     To randomize the order of cards in a deck.
     simultaneous turns
     A turn in some multiplayer formats, in which all players on the same team progress through the phases and steps of the game at the same
     time. Triggered abilities and effects are added to the bag by the team as a whole, and the team chooses the order they resolve in.
     sing/singing
     When a player {E} a character to pay an alternate cost to play a song. That character’s cost must be equal to or greater than the song’s ink cost.
     skip
     When a specific step or phase doesn’t happen.
     song
     A type of action that can be played by paying the song’s ink cost or by exerting a character or characters to sing it.
     stack
     noun. A number of cards set on top of each other, such as a character with Shift and the character it was played onto. When cards in a stack
     leave play, they all go to the same zone as the top card and are no longer considered to be in a stack.
     verb. To combine multiple instances of an effect. Keyword abilities that stack are followed by “+[N].”
     Start-of-Turn Phase
     The first phase of the turn, in which a player resets their cards for the turn. This is when all effects that end at the start of the player’s turn end
     and when effects that occur or begin at the start of their turn happen. The Start-of-Turn Phase has three steps: Ready, Set, and Draw.
     starting hand
     The initial 7 cards that a player draws at the start of the game, before they choose whether to alter their hand.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                     47
     starting player
     The player who takes the first turn of the game, determined randomly before the game begins. The starting player doesn’t draw on that turn.
     static ability
     An effect that could alter characteristics of a card, game rule, or game state. A static ability is continuously active, either for a fixed length of
     time or for as long as the card generating the effect is in play.
     Strength {S}
     The amount of damage a character deals in a challenge. A character’s Strength {S} may be referenced in abilities or effects.
     take/took damage
     Whenever damage is (or was) dealt to, put on, or moved to a character or location.
     triggered ability
     An ability that causes an effect to be added to the bag when a particular condition is met. Triggered abilities start with “When,” “Whenever,”
     “At the start of,” or “At the end of” and describe the game state that causes the abilities to trigger and the effects of the abilities. When an
     ability triggers, its effect is added to the bag to be resolved.
     turn
     The unit of time each player takes to complete the following three phases: Start-of-Turn Phase, Main Phase, and End-of-Turn Phase. Each
     player takes their turn before passing the turn to the next player.
     turn action
     An action that the game allows a player to take during the Main Phase of their turn. A player may take any number of turn actions on their turn,
     in any order. Turn actions include putting a card into the inkwell, playing a card, questing, challenging, moving a character to a location, and
     using activated abilities.
     under
     When a card has one or more cards on top of it. A card that’s under another card and in the Play zone isn’t considered to be in play. Any player
     can look at a faceup card that’s under another card at any time. No player can look at the front of a facedown card that’s under another card at
     any time, not even their own.
     version
     A descriptor that can differentiate cards with the same name for purposes building a deck. A character’s or location’s name and version
     together constitute the card’s full name.
     Willpower {W}
     How much damage it takes to banish a character or location.
     zone
     A physical or non-physical space used for gameplay purposes. Whether a zone is public or is private determines what information can be shared
     about the cards there. Each player’s zones are: deck, hand, play, inkwell, discard, and bag. All zones are considered separate from one another.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                   48
