                                   COMPREHENSIVE RULES
                                                           Effective May 20, 2024




A Note for Newer Players
Welcome! There are several ways to access the rules for the Disney Lorcana trading card game. The information outlined in this document is
meant for high-level Disney Lorcana rules questions and not as a way to learn the game.

If you’re new to the Disney Lorcana TCG, we recommend you start with our introductory videos here or download the official Disney Lorcana
Trading Card Game Companion app on Apple or Google Play.




Introduction
This document covers the technical details of official Disney Lorcana gameplay. The rules described here are organized in a numbered format
to make referencing and updating them easy and clear.

The Comprehensive Rules are a living document. Go to the Disney Lorcana Resources page for the most current version.




Updates
We’ve used colored text to make it easier to spot updates made to this document since its last publication. Text that is new or changed is in
red. Text that has been moved is in purple. For a list of revisions, see the Update Summary at the end of this document.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                i
Contents
1. CONCEPTS                                                               6. CARD TYPES
   1.1.   General                                                           6.1.   Characters
               Languages, Official Text, Updates, Tournament Rules          6.2.   Parts of a Card
   1.2.  Golden Rules                                                                  Ink Key, Rarity Key
   1.3. Active Player                                                       6.3.   Actions
   1.4. Opponent                                                                       General, Songs
   1.5. Playing Cards                                                       6.4.   Items
   1.6. Types of Abilities                                                  6.5.   Locations
                                                                                       Parts of a Card
   1.7. The Bag
   1.8. Players’ Cards                                                    7. ABILITIES
   1.9. Game State Check                                                    7.1.   General
   1.10. Multiplayer Games                                                             Clauses, Multiple Effects in a Clause, “May,” “Put
                                                                                       into Hand,” “Other/Another,” Playing Cards while
2. BEFORE THE GAME                                                                     Resolving Abilities, Loops, “Up to,” “That”
   2.1.   Deck Rules                                                        7.2.   Action Cards
3. GAMEPLAY                                                                 7.3.   Keywords
   3.1.   Starting a Game                                                              General, Reminder Text
               Starting Player, Randomize, Track Lore, Draw,                7.4.   Triggered Abilities
               Alter Hands                                                  7.5.   Activated Abilities
   3.2.   Ending a Game                                                                Paying Costs, Steps to Use
               Lore, Empty Deck, Last Player                                7.6.   Static Abilities
                                                                                       Duration, Timing, Outside of Play
4. TURN STRUCTURE
   4.1.   Phases                                                            7.7.   Replacement Effects
   4.2.   Beginning Phase                                                   7.8.   Ability Modifiers
               Ready, Set, Draw                                           8. ZONES
   4.3.   Main Phase                                                        8.1.   General
               Turn Actions, Inkwell, Play a Card, Play for Free,                      Public, Private, Fail to Find
               Quest, Challenge, Move a Character, Use Activated            8.2.   Deck
               Abilities                                                               Private Zone, Adding Cards to Top or Bottom
   4.4.   End of Turn Phase                                                 8.3. Hand
5. CARDS                                                                    8.4. Play
   5.1.   Conditions                                                                   In Play, Public Zone, Leaving Play
               Ready, Exerted, Damaged, Undamaged


disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                              ii
   8.5.    Inkwell
   8.6.    Discard
   8.7.    Bag
9. DAMAGE
   9.1.    Representation of Damage
   9.2.    “Put”
   9.3.    Moving Damage Counters
   9.4.    Leaving Play
10. KEYWORDS
   10.1.   General
               Stacking
   10.2. Bodyguard
   10.3. Challenger
               Stacking
   10.4. Evasive
   10.5. Reckless
   10.6. Resist
               0 Damage, Stacking
   10.7. Rush
   10.8. Shift
               Alternate Cost, State, Damaged, Leaving Play
   10.9. Singer
   10.10. Sing Together
               Alternate Cost, Resolving Triggered Abilities
   10.11. Song
   10.12. Support
   10.13. Ward

GLOSSARY
UPDATE SUMMARY




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                        iii
1. CONCEPTS
   1.1. General

        1.1.1.   Disney Lorcana cards are published in multiple languages. For the purposes of gameplay, the English cards, rules, rulings, and
                 clarifications are the official versions.
        1.1.2.   Card text and rules may be updated or corrected. The most current updated or corrected information is the official version for
                 gameplay.
        1.1.3.   The Disney Lorcana TCG is a game played with two or more people. Each player needs a deck of Disney Lorcana cards that
                 they’ll use in the game. See 2.1 “Deck Rules” for deck requirements.
        1.1.4.   Each player needs a way to track their lore totals and mark damage on characters and locations. This can be any method
                 players find convenient that is clear to all players in the game.
        1.1.5.   Disney Lorcana tournaments may have additional rules that can affect the ones in this document. Please refer to the Disney
                 Lorcana TCG Tournament Rules found here for further reference.
   1.2. Golden Rules

        1.2.1. If the text of a card contradicts a game rule, the card effect supersedes that rule.
                 Example: The game doesn’t allow a character to challenge a ready character, but a player has a character with an ability
                 that reads, “This character can challenge ready characters.” The ability overrides the game rule and allows that character to
                 challenge a ready character.
        1.2.2. If a rule or effect prevents something from happening, that rule or effect supersedes other rules and effects that allow it to
                 happen.
                 Example: An effect says that players can’t play actions. Another effect instructs a player they may play an action for free. That
                 player still can’t play an action.
        1.2.3. Do as much as you can – If an effect tells a player to do something, the player does as much as possible even if some part of
                 that effect can’t be done, except in specific cases (see 7.1.2).
                 Example: Strike a Good Match has an effect that reads, “Draw 2 cards, then choose and discard a card.” If an effect prevents
                 the player of this action from drawing any cards, they still have to choose and discard a card.
   1.3. Active Player

        1.3.1. When a player starts their turn, they become the active player. When a player ends their turn, they’re no longer the active player.

   1.4. Opponent

        1.4.1. Anyone a player is playing against is their opponent.
        1.4.2. Some game formats allow a player to designate one or more players as teammates. Such teammates are identified before the
                 game starts. As teammates aren’t playing against each other, they aren’t opponents to one another.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                    1
   1.5. Playing Cards

        1.5.1. Players can play a card whenever they’re the active player and there are no effects to resolve. To play a card, the player reveals
                    it from their hand and pays the cost (see 4.3.4).
   1.6. Types of Abilities

        1.6.1. There are several kinds of abilities in the Disney Lorcana TCG.

                 1.6.1.1.   Keywords are words or shortened phrases that represent a larger ability. See section 10 for the full list of current
                            keywords.
                 1.6.1.2.   Triggered abilities continuously look for a specific condition and have an effect when that condition is met. Triggered
                            abilities follow the rules in section 7.4.
                 1.6.1.3.   Activated abilities have a cost and an effect that occurs if that cost is paid. Activated abilities follow the rules in section 7.5.
                 1.6.1.4.   Static abilities are effects that are continuously active, either for a fixed length of time or for as long as the card
                            generating the effect is in play. Static abilities follow the rules in section 7.6.
                 1.6.1.5.   Replacement effects are generated by some static abilities. These replace one effect with another. Replacement
                            effects follow the rules in section 7.7.
        1.6.2. Whenever an effect would affect multiple players at the same time, the active player resolves that effect first, then in turn
                    order each other player resolves that effect.
   1.7. The Bag

        1.7.1. The bag is the zone where triggered abilities wait to resolve. It’s not a physical zone but a way to picture the process of
               resolving triggered abilities. Think of each triggered ability as a marble and the bag as a place to put them until they’re
               resolved. Every marble is separate from every other marble, and a player can look through the bag of marbles to select the
               one they wish to resolve next.
        1.7.2. It’s possible for both the active player and their opponent(s) to add triggered abilities to the bag at the same time. Resolving
               these abilities follows the rules in section 8.7, “Bag.”
   1.8. Players’ Cards

        1.8.1. Cards a player brings to the table in their deck are their cards, and that player makes any decisions necessary for the card and
               its effects unless otherwise specified by an effect.
        1.8.2. His/Her/Its/Their – When a card refers to “his,” “her,” “its,” or “their” player, it’s referring to the person who played the card.
               When a card refers to “his,” “her,” “its,” or “their” turn, it’s referring to its player’s turn.
        1.8.3. You/Your/Yours – Card effects address the player who played that card. When a card refers to “you,” “your,” or “yours,” it’s
               referring to the player of the card, even if the ability containing the reference was granted by an opposing effect.
   1.9. Game State Check

        1.9.1.      There is a set of conditions the game constantly checks for. The game makes these checks at the end of every step, after any
                    action or ability is finished resolving, and after each effect in the bag is finished resolving.



disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                          2
        1.9.2. During a game state check, if one of the conditions listed is true, that creates a required action. Required actions must be
                performed immediately and don’t go into the bag. The following are the game state conditions and the required actions each
                creates.
             1.9.2.1.   If a player has 20 or more lore, that player wins the game.
             1.9.2.2.   If a player must draw from a deck with no cards, that player loses the game.
             1.9.2.3.   If a character or location has damage equal to or greater than its Willpower {W}, that character or location is banished.
        1.9.3. Once a required action is completed, the game state check occurs again.
        1.9.4. Abilities that trigger as a result of a game state check are added to the bag as soon as the check and any required actions are
               fully completed.
        1.9.5. If multiple required actions would happen at once, a single combined required action takes place, and all of the required
               actions happen simultaneously.
   1.10. Multiplayer Games

        1.10.1. Multiplayer games are played with three or more players. Team games are a subset of multiplayer play that are not covered in
                this document.
        1.10.2. Multiplayer games follow the same rules as two-player games, with the following exceptions.

             1.10.2.1. At the end of each player’s turn, play proceeds to the player on their left rather than going back and forth across the
                       table.
             1.10.2.2. If an ability requires more than one player to do something at the same time, the active player does it first. Then
                       proceed to the left, one player at a time, until all players are done.
             1.10.2.3. If a player must draw a card and their deck has run out, they lose and must immediately leave the game. All that
                       player’s cards and effects are removed from the game, including any static effects that would have ended during their
                       current or future turns.
        1.10.3. Some multiplayer game formats use simultaneous turns.

             1.10.3.1. During a simultaneous turn, all players on the same team progress through the phases and steps of the game at the
                       same time. During the Main Phase, the players can take any turn action they could take normally in any player order
                       they wish. Players must complete one turn action in its entirety before moving to the next turn action.
             1.10.3.2. If triggered abilities or effects are added to the bag by multiple players during a simultaneous turn, these triggered
                       abilities or effects are added to the bag by the team as a whole, and the order in which they are resolved is chosen by
                       the team. Otherwise, resolving follows the same rules found in section 8.7, “Bag.”
                        Example: Three players are members of the same team taking a simultaneous turn. During the Ready step of the
                        Beginning Phase, all three players ready their cards at the same time. During the Set step, all three players gain lore from
                        locations they have in play with a {L} characteristic and then add any effects or abilities that triggered during the Ready
                        step to the bag at the same time. In the Draw step, all three players draw a card from their decks at the same time.
                        After the game moves into the Main Phase, the players take a simultaneous turn together. The first player wants to put a
                        card into their inkwell. The second wants to quest, and the third has decided to have one of their characters challenge an



disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                  3
                        opposing character. The players can decide the order of these turn actions, but each turn action must be completed in its
                        entirety before the next player can act.
                        During the End of Turn Phase, the players declare the end of their turn. All triggers are added to the bag at the same time
                        and all “this turn” effects end at the same time.

2. BEFORE THE GAME
   2.1. Deck Rules

        2.1.1. Each player’s Disney Lorcana deck must meet the following requirements. Alternate play formats may have different
                 requirements.
             2.1.1.1.   The deck must contain at least 60 cards. There’s no upper limit to the number of cards in a deck.
             2.1.1.2.   The deck can contain cards of up to two ink types.
             2.1.1.3.   The deck can contain up to 4 cards with the same full name (see 6.2.5).
             2.1.1.4.   The deck can’t contain any banned cards.


3. GAMEPLAY
   3.1. Starting a Game

        3.1.1. Starting a game involves several steps that all players follow. Once these steps are completed, the game is considered to be
                 started.
        3.1.2.   First, use a method for randomly determining who chooses who is the starting player and takes the first turn of the game. This
                 can include rolling dice, flipping a coin, or other methods. If this game is next in a multiple game series (such as a best-of-
                 three), the losing player of the previous game chooses the starting player.
        3.1.3.   Second, each player randomizes (shuffles) their deck. Players may use any form of randomization they find convenient and
                 comfortable, but the method chosen must sufficiently randomize the deck. Each player must offer an opposing player a chance to
                 cut their deck after it’s shuffled. Once these steps are complete, the deck is ready to play and is placed in the play area.
        3.1.4.   Third, each player begins the game with 0 lore. Players may use any method for tracking their lore, such as pen and paper,
                 lore trackers, or the official Disney Lorcana Trading Card Game Companion app.
        3.1.5.   Fourth, each player draws 7 cards.
        3.1.6.   Fifth, players may alter their hands, beginning with the starting player. Each player can alter their hand only once in each
                 game, following the steps listed here.
             3.1.6.1.   Step 1 – The player selects any number of cards from their hand and places them on the bottom of their deck without
                        revealing them.
             3.1.6.2.   Step 2 – The player draws until they have 7 cards in their hand.
             3.1.6.3.   Step 3 – In turn order, each other player completes steps 1 and 2 if they choose to alter their hand.
             3.1.6.4.   Step 4 – Each player who altered their hand by 1 or more cards shuffles their deck.
             3.1.6.5.   Step 5 – Each player who altered their hand offers an opposing player a chance to cut their deck. Note that some play
                        events may allow additional randomizing methods or require specific ones.


disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                  4
        3.1.7. Once all players have altered or chosen not to alter their hand, the game officially starts with the starting player’s Beginning
               Phase (see 4.2).
        3.1.8. Certain formats and tournament policies may add to, remove from, or otherwise adjust these rules.

   3.2. Ending a Game

        3.2.1. A game can end one of these ways:

             3.2.1.1. When a player reaches 20 lore, they win the game.
             3.2.1.2. If a player attempts to draw a card from an empty deck, that player loses the game. Any abilities or effects waiting to
                      resolve that belong to a player who loses the game are immediately removed. If this occurs in a multiplayer game, the
                      game continues. If it was the losing player’s turn, the game progresses to the next players turn after any other effects
                      have been resolved.
             3.2.1.3. If a player is the last person left in a game, they win the game.


4. TURN STRUCTURE
   4.1. Phases

        4.1.1. A turn has three phases, which occur in this order: Beginning Phase, Main Phase, and End of Turn Phase.
        4.1.2. The Beginning Phase is where a player resets their cards as appropriate for their new turn. This is where all effects that end at
               the start of the player’s turn end and where effects that occur or begin at the start of their turn happen. The Beginning Phase
               has three steps: Ready, Set, and Draw. (See 4.2, “Beginning Phase.”)
        4.1.3. The Main Phase is where a player can act on their turn, choosing to perform any of the Main Phase turn actions. (See 4.3,
               “Main Phase.”)
        4.1.4. The End of Turn Phase is where all effects that end at the current turn end. If effects would be added to the bag as a result of effects
               ending, those effects are resolved and the game proceeds to the next player’s Beginning Phase. (See 4.4, “End of Turn Phase.”)
   4.2. Beginning Phase

        4.2.1. Ready

             4.2.1.1.   The active player readies all their cards in play.
             4.2.1.2.   Effects that apply “During your turn” start applying.
             4.2.1.3.   Effects that end “at the start of your turn” or “at the start of your next turn” end.
             4.2.1.4.   Effects that trigger “at the start of your turn” and “at the beginning of your turn” trigger but do not yet resolve
                        (see 4.2.2.3).
        4.2.2. Set

             4.2.2.1.   Characters that are in play are no longer “drying” and will be able to quest, challenge, or {E} to pay costs for activated
                        abilities or song cards.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                   5
             4.2.2.2. The active player gains lore from locations they have in play with a {L} characteristic. This isn’t a triggered ability and
                      doesn’t use the bag.
             4.2.2.3. Effects that would occur “At the start of your turn” or “At the beginning of your turn” and abilities that triggered
                      during the Ready step are added to the bag. Then, all triggers are resolved.
        4.2.3. Draw

             4.2.3.1. Drawing is when a player takes the top card of their deck and puts that card into their hand. A player can draw only
                      from their deck. Putting a card into a hand from any zone besides the deck isn’t considered drawing.
             4.2.3.2. First, the active player draws a card from their deck. If this turn is the first turn of the game, the active player skips
                      this step.
             4.2.3.3. Once all effects have been resolved and there are no more waiting to be added, the game moves into the Main Phase.

   4.3. Main Phase

        4.3.1. Turn actions are the actions that the game allows a player to take during their turn. No effect or other card is needed in order
               to take these turn actions.
        4.3.2. The active player may take turn actions in any order during the Main Phase of their turn. Unless otherwise noted, they may
               take each action any number of times, provided they have the necessary resources to pay any associated costs and complete
               the turn actions.
        4.3.3. Put a card into the inkwell. This turn action is limited to once per turn.

             4.3.3.1. The player declares they’re putting a card into their inkwell, then chooses and reveals a card from their hand with the
                      inkwell symbol. All players verify that the inkwell symbol is present.
             4.3.3.2. The player places the revealed card in their inkwell facedown and ready.
             4.3.3.3. Effects that would occur as a result of a card being put into the inkwell are added to the bag (see 8.7, “Bag”).

        4.3.4. Play a card.

             4.3.4.1. The active player can take a turn action to play a card from their hand by announcing the card and paying its cost. This
                        process follows a series of steps. If any part of the playing a card process can’t be performed, it’s illegal to play the
                        card and the game goes back to the point right before the card was announced.
             4.3.4.2.   These steps apply to all cards that can be played. Cards can normally be played only from a player’s hand. Only the
                        active player can play cards; no player may play a card on an opponent’s turn.
             4.3.4.3.   First, the active player announces the card they intend to play and reveals it from their hand.
             4.3.4.4.   Second, the player announces how they intend to play the card, whether for its ink cost or an alternate cost. If multiple
                        alternate costs could apply to the card, the player may choose one and ignore the others for the purposes of playing
                        the card.
             4.3.4.5.   Third, the player determines the total cost needed to play the card. The total cost is the ink cost or alternate cost plus
                        any cost modifiers. This can include additional costs, cost increases, or cost reductions. Apply any additional costs
                        first, then cost increases, then cost reductions. The resulting cost is the total cost.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                  6
             4.3.4.6. Fourth, the player pays the total cost. If the total cost includes any ink, the player must exert a number of ready ink
                       cards equal to the ink cost. If any other costs are included, the player pays those costs as instructed by the card text.
                       Costs can be paid in any order but must be paid in full.
             4.3.4.7. Once the total card cost is paid, the card is now “played.” If the card is a character, item, or location, the card enters
                       the Play zone. If it’s a character being played using its Shift ability, it must be put on top of the card indicated in the
                       second step of this process. If the card is an action, the effect immediately resolves and the card goes to the player’s
                       discard pile.
             4.3.4.8. If an effect would trigger as a result of any of the steps for playing a card, that effect waits to resolve until the card
                       and its effect are fully played and resolved. Note that while an action card is resolving, it’s not considered to be in the
                       discard yet.
             4.3.4.9. Effects that change how a player pays the cost of a card (e.g., Singer) don’t change the ink cost of the card.
             4.3.4.10. If a card can be played “for free,” ignore all ink costs when playing it. Other steps required to play the card and non-ink
                       costs still apply.
        4.3.5. Quest

             4.3.5.1.  Sending a character on a quest is a turn action. Only characters can quest.
             4.3.5.2.  A character chosen to quest is the questing character. The player who declares a questing character is the questing player.
             4.3.5.3.  To quest, the active player takes the following steps in order.
             4.3.5.4.  First, the player declares that they’re going to have one of their characters quest.
             4.3.5.5.  Second, the player identifies the questing character and checks for any restrictions that prevent them from questing
                       (e.g., they aren’t dry yet, they have Reckless, etc.).
             4.3.5.6. If an effect prevents the identified character from questing, that quest is illegal.
             4.3.5.7. Third, the player exerts the questing character.
             4.3.5.8. If no effect prevents the character from questing, the quest is complete and the questing player gains lore equal to the
                       {L} of the questing character.
             4.3.5.9. Effects that would occur as a result of the quest are added to the bag (see 8.7, “Bag”).
             4.3.5.10. Once all effects have been resolved, the quest is over.

        4.3.6. Challenge

             4.3.6.1. Sending a character into a challenge is a turn action. Only characters can challenge.
             4.3.6.2. A character sent into a challenge is known as a challenging character, and the opposing character or location is being
                      challenged. Both are considered to be in the challenge. Characters can challenge locations. For the differences in that
                      process, see 4.3.6.18.
             4.3.6.3. Only the challenging character and the character being challenged are in the challenge. If an ability or effect refers to
                      a character “in a challenge,” it’s referring to one of the two characters in the current challenge.
             4.3.6.4. To challenge, the active player follows the steps listed here, in order.
             4.3.6.5. First, the player declares one of their characters is challenging a character. The declared character must have been in
                      play since the beginning of the turn (that is, they must be dry), ready, and otherwise able to challenge.



disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                 7
             4.3.6.6. Second, the player chooses an exerted opposing character to be challenged.
             4.3.6.7. Third, the players check for challenging restrictions. If any effect prevents the challenge, the challenge is illegal.
             4.3.6.8. Fourth, the challenging player exerts the challenging character.
             4.3.6.9. Fifth, the challenge occurs.
             4.3.6.10. Sixth, “while challenging” effects apply.
             4.3.6.11. Seventh, effects that would trigger are added to the bag.
             4.3.6.12. Eighth, once all effects in the bag have resolved, each character deals damage equal to their Strength {S} to the other
                       character. This is known as the “Challenge Damage step.” This isn’t an ability or effect and isn’t added to the bag.
             4.3.6.13. To determine the damage each character in the challenge deals, first calculate the total Strength {S} of each, taking
                       into account any current modifier effects. If a character’s {S} is negative, it counts as 0 {S} for the purpose of
                       determining damage.
             4.3.6.14. Apply effects that adjust the amount of damage dealt (e.g., Resist).
             4.3.6.15. The resulting number is the final amount of damage that character deals. When damage is dealt to a character, place a
                       number of damage counters equal to that damage on that character. (See 9.1, “Representation of Damage.”)
             4.3.6.16. Any effects that would trigger as a result of a character being banished in or during a challenge that apply trigger and
                       resolve.
             4.3.6.17. Effects that apply “while challenging” or “while being challenged” end, and the challenge is over.
             4.3.6.18. Players can choose to have a character challenge a location. This follow all of the normal rules and steps of challenging
                       with the following exceptions.
             4.3.6.19. When a challenger is declared, the player chooses an opposing location to challenge instead of a character.
             4.3.6.20. Locations are never ready or exerted. They can be challenged at any time in the Main Phase.
             4.3.6.21. Locations don’t have a Strength {S} characteristic and don’t deal damage to the challenging character.
             4.3.6.22. If a character in a challenge is removed from the challenge for any reason, that challenge ends. First, resolve any
                       remaining triggered abilities in the bag. Then, all “while challenging” effects end and the game proceeds to the Main
                       Phase (see 4.3).




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                8
Example A: The active player has a ready
Stitch – New Dog in play, and an opponent
has an exerted Milo Thatch – Clever
Cartographer in play. The active player
announces Stitch is challenging and
chooses Milo Thatch as the character being
challenged. There are no restrictions or
requirements to satisfy. No effects trigger
as a result of these declarations. The active
player exerts Stitch.
Both Stitch and Milo Thatch deal damage
equal to their Strength {S} to the other.
The active player and the opponent each
place damage counters on their character.
A game state check is performed. There are
no effects that trigger from the check. The
challenge is over.




Example B: The active player declares Marshmallow – Persistent Guardian is challenging an opposing Cheshire Cat – Not All There. Cheshire Cat’s ability
Lose Something? reads, “When this character is challenged and banished, banish the challenging character.” Marshmallow’s ability Durable reads, “When
this character is banished in a challenge, you may return this card to your hand.”
Marshmallow has 5 {S}, so he deals 5
damage to Cheshire Cat, who has 3 {W}.
When the game state check is made,
Cheshire Cat is banished. This triggers
Cheshire Cat’s ability, and the opponent
adds it to the bag.
The opponent resolves the ability’s
effect, banishing Marshmallow. Because
the players haven’t reached the step
of the challenge in which the bag is
resolved, they’re still in the challenge, and
Marshmallow’s ability is added to the bag by
the active player. The active player can then
resolve it, returning Marshmallow to their
hand. There are no more effects to add, and
the bag is empty. The challenge is over.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                     9
Example C: The active player declares
Rafiki – Mystical Fighter is challenging an
opposing Shenzi – Hyena Pack Leader, who
has 0 {S} and is at De Vil Manor – Cruella’s
Estate. De Vil Manor has no abilities, but
Shenzi’s ability I’ll Handle This gives her
+3 {S} while she’s at a location.
Rafiki’s ability Ancient Skills reads,
“Whenever he challenges a Hyena character,
this character takes no damage from
the challenge.” After restrictions and
requirements are checked, the active player
adds this ability to the bag. The active player
then resolves that effect. When the challenge
proceeds to the Challenge Damage step,
Rafiki won’t be dealt any damage.




         4.3.7. Move a character to a location

               4.3.7.1.   A player can move only their characters. A player can move characters only to their locations. A player can’t move
                          opposing characters, and they can’t move their characters to opposing locations.
               4.3.7.2.   Moving a character to a location is a turn action. To move a character to a location, the active player follows the steps
                          listed here in order.
               4.3.7.3.   First, the player chooses one of their characters and one of their locations and declares that the character will move to
                          that location.
               4.3.7.4.   Second, the player pays the chosen location’s move cost. Once the cost is paid, the character moves to the location.
               4.3.7.5.   Third, any effects that would happen as a result of the character moving are added to the bag for resolution.
               4.3.7.6.   Once all effects have been resolved, the move is complete.
         4.3.8. Use activated abilities on cards in play.

               4.3.8.1. The use of activated abilities is a turn action provided by cards in play. To use the abilities of characters, follow the
                        steps listed in section 7.5, “Activated Abilities.”
               4.3.8.2. {E} abilities of characters can be used only if the character is dry.
               4.3.8.3. Activated abilities of items can be used during the turn the item is played.
               4.3.8.4. If an activated ability can be used “for free,” ignore all ink costs when using it. Other steps required to use the ability
                        and non-ink costs still apply.




  disneylorcana.com
  ©Disney                                                                   10
   4.4. End of Turn Phase

        4.4.1. To end a turn, there must be no abilities currently waiting to resolve. The active player declares the end of their turn. This
                creates the start of the End of Turn Phase (see 4.1.4).
             4.4.1.1. Effects that would occur “At the end of the turn” and “At the end of your turn” and abilities are added to the bag.
             4.4.1.2. Resolve all triggers in the bag.
             4.4.1.3. Effects that would end at the end of your turn end. This includes effects with a stated duration of “this turn” (e.g.,
                      Support). If this causes any new triggers, return to step 4.4.1.2.
             4.4.1.4. The turn ends for the active player, and the next player begins their turn.


5. CARDS
   5.1. Conditions




        5.1.1. Ready – Cards enter play ready. A player can’t use any of an exerted card’s abilities that include {E} as part of the cost.
        5.1.2. Exerted – When a card is exerted, it’s turned sideways. A player can use an exerted card’s abilities that don’t require {E} as part of
               the cost.
        5.1.3. Damaged – A card that has at least 1 damage is considered damaged.
        5.1.4. Undamaged – A card that has no damage is considered undamaged.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                   11
6. CARD TYPES
   6.1. Characters

        6.1.1. Characters are a type of card that can be in play. A character card that’s in the Play zone is a character; in all other zones it’s a
               character card.
        6.1.2. Character cards don’t list “Character” on their classification line. Instead, a character is defined as having both a {S} and a {W}
               value on the card at the right edge of the classification line. A card without one or both of those isn’t a character.
        6.1.3. Only characters can quest or challenge.
        6.1.4. A character must have been in play during the Beginning Phase of their player’s turn in order to quest, challenge, or {E} as part
               of a cost (see 4.2.2, “Set”).
   6.2. Parts of a Card




        6.2.1. Most parts of a card appear on all card types. Specific differences are noted in the entry for the relevant card type.
        6.2.2. Art – The art isn’t used for gameplay.
        6.2.3. Ink Type – The ink type of the card, identified by the ink type symbol. The colored bar behind the card’s name reflects the
                associated color. A card’s ink type is important for building a deck and may be referenced in card rules.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                  12
        6.2.4. Name – The name of the card appears in larger print. An effect that looks for a card or character with a specified name looks
                only at this line and ignores the version. The whole character or location name must be the same as the specified name to be a
                match. A character’s or location’s name and version together constitute its full name. (See #2 in the diagram under 6.2, “Parts
                of a Card.”)
                Example A: Tinker Bell – Peter Pan’s Ally has an ability called Loyal and Devoted that reads, “Your characters named Peter Pan
                gain Challenger +1. (They get +1 {S} while challenging.)” If you have Peter Pan – Fearless Fighter and Peter Pan – Never Land
                Hero in play with this Tinker Bell, she gives both versions of Peter Pan Challenger +1.
                Example B: The Sorcerer’s Hat is an item with an activated ability that lets you name a card, then reveal the top card of your
                deck and put that card into your hand if it’s the card you named. If you use The Sorcerer’s Hat to look for a card named Lucky
                and then reveal Lucky Dime, that’s not a match and you don’t get to put it into your hand.
        6.2.5. Version – A card’s version differentiates cards with the same name. A character’s or location’s name and version together
               constitute its full name. (See #3 in the diagram under 6.2, “Parts of a Card.”)
        6.2.6. Classifications – Categories that identify some characteristics of the card and may be referenced in card rules. (See #4 in the
               diagram under 6.2, “Parts of a Card.”)
                Example: Hades – King of Olympus has an ability that references cards with the Villain classification. It reads, “This character
                gets +1 {L} for each other Villain character you have in play.”
        6.2.7. Card Cost – The amount of ink needed to play the card. (See #1 in the diagram under 6.2, “Parts of a Card.”)
        6.2.8. Inkwell Symbol – If this swirl icon, {C}, is present around the card’s cost, the card can be put into its player’s inkwell. Cards in
                the inkwell are referred to as ink. Each card counts as 1 {I}. (See #1 in the diagram under 6.2, “Parts of a Card.”)
        6.2.9. Strength – Primarily, how much damage this character deals in a challenge, though card effects can also reference this value.
                Strength {S} only appears on characters. If the {S} of a character is less than 0, it’s treated as if it were 0. A character with 0
                {S} deals no damage. (See #5 in the diagram under 6.2, “Parts of a Card.”)
        6.2.10. Willpower – Damage on a character is persistent, when means it accumulates over the course of the game. If a character has
                damage equal to or higher than their Willpower {W}, they are banished. Card effects can also reference this value. (See #6 in
                the diagram under 6.2, “Parts of a Card.”)
        6.2.11. Lore Value – How much lore the player gains when the character quests. The appearance of the Lore value symbol {L} may vary on
                some cards (e.g., some enchanted or promo cards), but these variations don’t affect gameplay. (See #8 in the diagram under 6.2,
                “Parts of a Card.”)
        6.2.12. Abilities – Any abilities the card has appear here. Some abilities have a cost to use them. Abilities can be keywords (see
                section 10) or have a story name, which is used for referencing the ability but otherwise isn’t used for gameplay. (See #7 in the
                diagram under 6.2, “Parts of a Card” for where abilities appear on a card. See section 7 for more on abilities.)
        6.2.13. Flavor Text – Flavor text isn’t used for gameplay.
        6.2.14. Ancillary Information – Ancillary information isn’t used for gameplay.

             6.2.14.1. Artist Name – Artist who illustrated the card.
             6.2.14.2. Collector Number – Indicates where this card appears in the set. The number of unique standard cards in the set
                       appears after the slash.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                  13
             6.2.14.3. Set Number – What number set this card is from.
                        Example: The First Chapter, Rise of the Floodborn, Into the Inklands, and Ursula’s Return are indicated with 1, 2, 3, and 4
                        here, respectively.
             6.2.14.4. Language – The language the card is in.
             6.2.14.5. Legal Text – Copyright information.
             6.2.14.6. Rarity Symbol – Indicates how common the card is among the cards in the set it was printed in.




   6.3. Actions

        6.3.1. Actions are a type of card that can be played but can’t be in play. An action is an action while being played; otherwise, it’s an
                action card.
             6.3.1.1.   An action is defined as having “Action” on the card’s classification line.
             6.3.1.2.   Actions are played from a player’s hand, but they’re not considered in play. An effect from an action doesn’t enter the
                        bag. (See 8.7, “Bag.”)
        6.3.2. Effects – Actions have effects rather than abilities.
        6.3.3. Songs

             6.3.3.1. Songs are a subtype of actions and follow all the normal rules for actions.
             6.3.3.2. A song is defined as having “Action” and “Song” on the card’s classification line.
             6.3.3.3. Songs have an alternate way to pay their cost, which normally reads, “A character with cost [N] or more can {E} to sing
                        this song for free.” If a song is played this way, it’s called “singing the song.” Singing a song counts as playing that
                        song. A player can only sing a song from their hand.
        6.3.4. Any effect that’s triggered because of an action being played is placed in the bag and will resolve after the effects of the
                action are fully resolved.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                   14
   6.4. Items

        6.4.1. Items are a type of card that can be in play. An item is an item only while in the Play zone; in all other zones it’s an item card.
        6.4.2. An item is defined as having “Item” on the card’s classification line.
        6.4.3. If an item has an ability, that ability can be used during the turn the item is played.

   6.5. Locations




        6.5.1. Locations are a type of card that can be in play. A location is a location while in the Play zone; in all other zones it’s a location
               card.
        6.5.2. Classification – A location is defined as having “Location” on the card’s classification line. Locations are the only card type that
               is printed in landscape (i.e., with the longer sides on the top and bottom). (See #2 on the diagram under 6.5.)
        6.5.3. Cost – A location’s cost is in a different place on the card than the cost of other card types, but it works the same way. (See #1
               on the diagram under 6.5.)
        6.5.4. Move Cost – A location has a move cost. This is the amount of ink needed to move a character to this location. (See #3 on the
               diagram under 6.5.)
        6.5.5. Willpower – Locations can be challenged. If a location has damage equal or higher than its Willpower {W}, it’s banished. Note
               that locations don’t have a Strength {S} characteristic and don’t deal damage. (See #4 on the diagram under 6.5.)
        6.5.6. Lore Value – A location may have a Lore value {L}, which is how much lore its player gains at the start of their turn during the
               Set step. (See #6 on the diagram under 6.5.)
        6.5.7. Abilities – If a location has an ability, that ability can be used during the turn the location is played. (See #5 on the diagram
               under 6.5.)




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                  15
7. ABILITIES
   7.1. General

        7.1.1. Each clause of a card is a separate effect. Each clause is separated by a period.
        7.1.2. Cards with multiple effects in a single clause resolve based on the intervening word.

             7.1.2.1.   Most cards are written as [A].
                        Example: “You may have up to 99 copies of Dalmatian Puppy – Tail Wagger in your deck.”
             7.1.2.2.   [A] to [B] – The player must complete the first part. If they’re unable to do that, they can’t perform the second part of
                        the card.
                        Example: “Banish chosen item of yours to deal 5 damage to chosen character.” If the player doesn’t have an item in play
                        that they can banish, they can’t deal the 5 damage described.
             7.1.2.3.   [A] then [B] – Resolve all effects as much as possible, even if some of the effects can’t be resolved.
                        Example: “Draw 2 cards, then choose and discard 2 cards.”
             7.1.2.4.   [A] and [B] – Resolve all effects as much as possible, even if some of the effects can’t be resolved or “and” seems to tie the
                        effects together as though the wording were [A] to [B]. Sometimes “and” simply serves its normal grammatical purpose.
                        Example A: The Queen – Commanding Presence’s ability Who is the Fairest? reads, “Whenever this character quests, chosen
                        opposing character gets -4 {S} this turn and chosen character gets +4 {S} this turn.” If the opponent doesn’t have a character
                        in play that can be chosen for the first part of this effect, the active player still gives a chosen character +4 {S}.
                        Example B: John Silver – Greedy Treasure Seeker’s ability Chart Your Own Course reads, “For each location you have in
                        play, this character gains Resist +1 and gets +1 {L}.” This “and” doesn’t have any special gameplay significance.
        7.1.3. If an ability or effect contains the word “may,” the player who played the card that generated the effect can choose whether
               they want it to happen. If the player chooses not to have it happen, no part of the “you may” clause is performed.
        7.1.4. If an ability or effect “puts a card into your hand” from any other zone, that is not considered drawing a card.
        7.1.5. If an ability or effect refers to “another” or “other,” it refers to a card that any card that effect or ability does not originate
               from, or one that was not already selected by the ability.
                Example: Mulan – Imperial Solder reads, “During your turn, whenever this character banishes another character in a challenge,
                your other characters get +1 {L} this turn.” Mulan must banish a character that is not herself, and she doesn’t gain the benefit of
                this ability herself because it only applies to your “other” characters.
        7.1.6. If an ability or effect instructs you to play a card as a part of resolving that ability, you must resolve the ability before playing
                the card. If the instruction is followed by additional steps for resolving the ability, the card doesn’t resolve or come into play
                until the ability is fully resolved, even if it’s moved to a different zone.
                Example: The active player has an Ursula – Deceiver of All in play and exerts her to sing Friends on the Other Side. Ursula’s
                ability What a Deal reads, “Whenever this character sings a song, you may play that song again from your discard for free, then
                put it on the bottom of your deck.” Once the song has finished resolving, the player can resolve the triggered ability, which allows
                them to play Friends on the Other Side again. If they choose to do so, the effect of the song card waits to resolve until Ursula’s



disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                   16
                    triggered ability is resolved fully. Once Friends on the Other Side is put on the bottom of the active player’s deck, then the player
                    draws 2 cards.
        7.1.7. Sometimes a combination of abilities can be repeated indefinitely, called a “loop.” If all players are aware of and understand
               the actions of each iteration of the loop, the player who maintains the loop proposes a specific number of iterations. The
               game is considered to proceed immediately through those iterations without the player performing each one. Then the game
               continues and a new action must be taken.
        7.1.8. If resolving an effect allows a player to choose “up to” N of something, the player can’t pick the same choice for each iteration
               of N. “Up to” includes 0 as a legal choice.
                    Example: The song Painting the Roses Red reads, “Up to 2 chosen characters get -1 {S} this turn. Draw a card.” The same
                    character can’t be chosen twice. The card’s player could also choose 0 characters.
        7.1.9.      Some abilities and effects use “that” in their text to refer to something specific.
                    Example: Ursula – Deceiver of All’s ability What a Deal reads, “Whenever this character sings a song, you may play that song
                    again from your discard for free, then put it on the bottom of your deck.” Here, “that song” refers to the card sung by Ursula and
                    not to any other song card that is in your discard pile.
                 7.1.9.1.   If card text references a specific zone where “that” card is put or located, only that zone is checked. If the card
                            referenced by “that” has changed zones, the effect checking that zone for “that” card fails and resolves for no effect,
                            even if there are other cards whose full name matches the full name of “that” card.
                            Example: A player has 2 copies of Ursula – Deceiver of All in play and exerts them both to sing a song using its Sing
                            Together ability. Ursula’s ability What a Deal reads, “Whenever this character sings a song, you may play that song again
                            from your discard for free, then put it on the bottom of your deck.” Because both copies of Ursula were exerted to sing
                            together, both of their What a Deal abilities are triggered and added to the bag to be resolved.
                            When the first triggered ability resolves, the song card played using Sing Together is put on the bottom of the player’s
                            deck. When the second triggered ability resolves, “that song” card is no longer in the discard, so the ability resolves with
                            no effect. Even if there’s another song card with the same name in the discard, “that song” refers only to the specific
                            song card that was sung by Ursula when the triggered abilities were added to the bag, not any other song card with the
                            same name.
   7.2. Action Cards

        7.2.1. Playing an action may trigger other abilities. In this case, the active player resolves the action immediately, and once that
                    action has been fully resolved, players may resolve the triggered abilities as described in section 8.7, “Bag.”
   7.3. Keywords

        7.3.1. Keyword abilities are abilities represented by short names that are the same wherever the ability appears. See section 10,
               “Keywords,” for more information on individual keyword abilities.
        7.3.2. Keywords are usually followed by reminder text describing what they do. This reminder text, enclosed in parentheses and set
               in italics, is not rules text but only a memory aid.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                      17
   7.4. Triggered Abilities

        7.4.1. Triggered abilities occur when their trigger condition is met. They trigger only once per trigger condition that
               is met.
        7.4.2. Triggered abilities start with “When,” “Whenever,” “At the start of,” or “At the end of” and describe the game state that
               causes the abilities to trigger and the effects of the abilities.
        7.4.3. When an ability triggers, its effect is placed into the bag to be resolved in order as described in section 8.7, “Bag.”
        7.4.4. Some triggered abilities are written as “[Trigger Condition], if [Secondary Condition], [Effect]. These abilities check whether
               the secondary condition is true both when the effect would be added to the bag and again when the effect resolves.
             7.4.4.1. If the secondary condition is false when the effect would be added to the bag, the effect is never added to the bag.
             7.4.4.2. If the secondary condition is false when the effect would resolve, the triggered ability resolves with no effect.
                       Example: Stitch – Carefree Surfer has an ability called Ohana that reads, “When you play this character, if you have 2 or
                       more other characters in play, you may draw 2 cards.” When the active player plays Stitch, the triggered ability checks to
                       see if the player has two or more other characters in play. If not, the triggered ability isn’t added to the bag. If the player
                       has two or more characters in play, the ability is added to the bag. The triggered ability will check again when it resolves
                       to see if the condition is still true. If it isn’t, the triggered ability resolves for no effect.
        7.4.5. Some triggered abilities are written as, “[Trigger Condition], [Effect]. [Effect].” Both effects are linked to the trigger condition
                but are independent of each other.
                Example A: Moana – Of Motunui has an ability called We Can Fix It that reads, “Whenever this character quests, you may ready
                your other Princess characters. They can’t quest for the rest of this turn.” If the active player chooses to quest with Moana, none
                of their other Princess characters can quest this turn, regardless of whether they were readied by the effect or not.
                Example B: Scar – Vicious Cheater has an ability called Daddy Isn’t Here to Save You that reads, “During your turn, whenever
                this character banishes another character in a challenge, you may ready this character. He can’t quest for the rest of this turn.”
                Because the two effects are both tied to the trigger condition, if Scar doesn’t challenge he can quest this turn as normal.
   7.5. Activated Abilities

        7.5.1. Activated abilities are abilities that a player chooses to use. They are normally written as [Cost] — [Effect].
        7.5.2. While there are no effects waiting to resolve, the active player may use an activated ability.
        7.5.3. To use an activated ability, the active player follows these steps in order. If any part of this process can’t be performed, it’s
               illegal to use the ability. These steps apply to all activated abilities. Only the active player can use activated abilities.
        7.5.4. First, the active player announces the ability they intend to use.
        7.5.5. Second, the player follows the steps described in 4.3.4.4 through 4.3.4.6, replacing any instance of the word “card” with the
               word “ability.”
        7.5.6. Once the total cost is paid, the ability is activated. The active player resolves the effect immediately.
        7.5.7. If an effect would trigger as a result of any of the steps to using an activated ability, that effect waits to resolve until the
               ability is fully resolved.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                  18
   7.6. Static Abilities

        7.6.1. Static abilities are effects that could alter characteristics of a card, game rule, or game state. These are continuously active
                    for the stated length of time. A static ability that doesn’t specify a duration is continuously active for as long as the card
                    generating the effect is in play.
                    Example: An ability that reads “Your exerted characters gain Ward until end of turn” and an ability that reads “Your exerted
                    characters gain Ward” are both static abilities.
        7.6.2. Cards played that would be affected by a static ability have that effect as they come into play. If this modifies their {S} or {W}
               they are considered to enter play with that adjusted {S} or {W}.
        7.6.3. Some static abilities occur as the result of a resolving ability or effect. Once resolved, the static ability continues to apply to
               the affected cards for the specified duration. Cards that would be affected by a static ability but entered play after the ability
               or effect is resolved aren’t affected by the static effect.
        7.6.4. Some static abilities are part of the characteristics of a card. These static abilities remain “on” as long as the card generating
               the effect is in play. If a card generating a static ability leaves play, the effect ends as soon as the card is removed from the
               Play zone. There’s no point at which an affected card will still have the ability and then lose it.
        7.6.5. Some static effects apply outside of the Play zone. These specify the aspect and time they apply to.
                    Example: An effect that reads “For each character card in your discard, you pay 1 {I} less to play this character” would apply outside
                    of play.
   7.7. Replacement Effects

        7.7.1. Some effects are considered replacement effects. These effects wait for the stated condition to occur and then partially or
               completely replace the event.
        7.7.2. Abilities that include the word “instead” are the most common type of replacement effect.
                    Example: Stolen Scimitar’s ability Slash reads, “{E} — Chosen character gets +1 {S} this turn. If a character named Aladdin is
                    chosen, he gets +2 {S} instead.”
        7.7.3. Abilities that read, “This character enters” or “This character may enter” are replacement effects.
        7.7.4. Replacement effects happen once and need to exist before the event would occur. If an event is replaced, it never happens.
               A modified event occurs, and the new event may trigger abilities. Abilities that would have triggered from the original event
               don’t see it, and therefore they don’t trigger.
        7.7.5. Only one replacement effect can replace a specific effect. If there are multiple replacement effects for the same specific
               effect, the player who played the card that generated the effect being replaced chooses which effect replaces it.
   7.8. Ability Modifiers

        7.8.1. Some abilities and effects can modify the characteristics of a character.

                 7.8.1.1.   Whenever a new modifier is applied to a card, a calculation is made for that card’s current characteristics, taking into
                            account previous modifying effects that were applied to the character.
        7.8.2. If a character has a negative {S}, it deals 0 damage during challenges.



disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                       19
        7.8.3. If a character or location has a negative Lore value {L}, it counts as having a Lore value of 0 for the purpose of determining lore
                while in play.
                Example: The active player has a Flynn Rider – His Own Biggest Fan in play, and their opponent has 5 cards in their hand. Flynn
                has 4 {L} and the ability One Last, Big Score that reads, “This character gets -1 {L} for each card in your opponents’ hands.”
                Because the opponent has 5 cards in their hand, Flynn has a Lore value of -1. If the player exerts Flynn to quest, they gain 0 lore.

8. ZONES
   8.1. General

        8.1.1. All zones are considered separate from one another. Some zones may physically be present within the same space but are still
                separate zones for gameplay purposes.
                Example: The table represents the game area of the players. Although the players’ decks, inkwells, and discard piles physically
                occupy that space, they’re not in play, as they’re all separate zones.
        8.1.2. Cards in a public zone are publicly known. Players can look at or count the cards in any public zone at any time.
        8.1.3. Cards in a private zone aren’t publicly known. Players can’t look at them unless directed by a game rule (e.g., drawing a card)
               or an effect. Players can count the number of cards in a private zone at any time. While a private zone is revealed, it’s not
               considered private.
        8.1.4. If an effect allows a player to look at one of their private zones for a specific card or a card of a specific type, they may “fail to
               find” that card.
        8.1.5. If a card enters a private zone from play, any information on or connection to the original card is removed. All effects, damage,
               and other characteristics are removed and that card becomes a new card.
   8.2. Deck

        8.2.1. A player’s deck is where cards they may use in a particular game are held.
        8.2.2. The deck is a private zone. The cards in a player’s deck remain facedown at all times and in a single pile. Players can’t look at or
               change the order of cards in their decks during a game. Players can count the remaining cards in any player’s deck at any time.
        8.2.3. Whenever a card or game state instructs a player to draw a card follow the rules outlined in 4.2.3, “Draw.”
        8.2.4. If cards are added to the top or bottom of a deck in any order and the cards were publicly known to all players, the order in
               which the cards are added to the deck must be known by all players.
   8.3. Hand

        8.3.1. A player’s hand is where drawn cards are held. Cards can be added to the hand by other effects as well. Players start the game
               with a hand of drawn cards (see 3.1, “Starting a Game”).
        8.3.2. The hand is a private zone. Players can look at the cards in their own hand but can’t look at the cards in another player’s hand
               at any time. Players can count the number of cards in any hand at any time. Players can hold and rearrange their hands in any
               comfortable and/or convenient fashion.
        8.3.3. There’s no maximum hand size. A hand can’t have fewer than 0 cards in it.
        8.3.4. If an effect instructs someone to discard, that player chooses the indicated number of cards from their hand and puts them
               into their discard pile.

disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                   20
   8.4. Play

        8.4.1. A player’s Play zone is where their characters, items, and locations are played. Only characters, items, and locations can be in
               the Play zone. Players can’t play cards into an opponent’s Play zone.
        8.4.2. Only cards in a player’s Play zone are considered in play. Cards outside the game aren’t in play. Cards in the bag and those in a
               player’s deck, discard, hand, and inkwell aren’t in play.
        8.4.3. The Play zone is a public zone. Players can look at the cards any player has in play at any time. Players can count the number
               of cards any player has in play at any time.
        8.4.4. Whenever 1 or more cards would leave play, they first check whether any abilities would trigger from them or others leaving play.

   8.5. Inkwell

        8.5.1. A player’s inkwell is where they put the cards they will use as ink throughout the game. These cards are ink cards. Each ink
               card must have the inkwell symbol {C} around its cost and represents 1 {I} the player can use to pay ink costs. Nothing on the
               front of an ink card affects the ink it generates. There’s no limit to the number of cards a player can have in their inkwell.
        8.5.2. Cards enter the inkwell facedown and ready. If multiple cards enter the inkwell at the same time, each card is treated as a
               separate instance.
        8.5.3. The inkwell is a private zone. Players can’t look at a card in an inkwell at any time, even their own. Players can count the
               number of cards in any inkwell at any time.
        8.5.4. Players can arrange the cards in their inkwell in any comfortable and convenient fashion, provided that ink cards are kept
               facedown and separate from cards in all other zones at all times. The number of cards in an inkwell and the number of them
               that are ready can’t be hidden from other players.
        8.5.5. If a card allows a player to put an additional card into their inkwell on their turn, they announce they’re using that effect, then
               follow the normal steps of putting a card into their inkwell.
        8.5.6. Whenever an effect puts a card from another zone into the inkwell, the card isn’t revealed and isn’t required to have the
               inkwell symbol. It enters the inkwell facedown as ink.
   8.6. Discard

        8.6.1. A player’s discard pile is where their cards that have left play are held.
        8.6.2. Cards that are banished and action cards that are finished resolving are put into their player’s discard pile.
        8.6.3. The discard is a public zone. The cards in a player’s discard remain faceup at all times and in a single pile. Players can look at
               and count the cards in any player’s discard pile at any time. A player can look at and rearrange the cards in their own discard at
               any time.
        8.6.4. If multiple cards enter a discard pile at the same time, their player adds them in any order.

   8.7. Bag

        8.7.1. Unlike other zones, the bag isn’t a physical space but is only where triggered abilities created by the game wait to resolve.
        8.7.2. Only triggered abilities can be added to the bag. Activated abilities, resolving actions, and playing characters, locations, or
                  items aren’t added to the bag.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                 21
        8.7.3. Whenever a triggered ability’s condition is met, the ability is added to the bag by the player who played the card with the
               triggered ability. If multiple triggered abilities happen at the same time, they’re added to the bag simultaneously by the
               respective players.
        8.7.4. Then the active player chooses and resolves any one of their triggered abilities and fully resolves it. If the resolution of an ability
               causes another ability to trigger, the new triggered ability is added to the bag once the current ability is finished resolving.
        8.7.5. If there are abilities from multiple players in the bag, the active player resolves all of their abilities first, one at a time,
               including any that were added as a result of resolving abilities.
        8.7.6. The next player resolves all of their abilities following the guidelines in 8.7.5 If this causes new triggers, regardless of whose
               abilities triggered, the current resolving player keeps resolving their triggers.
        8.7.7. Continue around the table in turn order as described in 8.7.5–8.7.6 until there are no more triggers to resolve.
        8.7.8. Once the bag is empty and all players have no more abilities to resolve or turn actions to take, the players proceed to the next
               step or phase of the game.
        8.7.9. If a player leaves the game while abilities are still waiting in the bag to resolve, those abilities cease to exist.


9. DAMAGE COUNTERS
   9.1. Representation of Damage

        9.1.1.   Damage on a character is represented by damage counters. Each damage counter normally represents 1 damage; any damage
                 counter intended to represent more than 1 damage counts as a separate damage counter for each 1 damage it represents.
   9.2. “Put”

        9.2.1. If an effect puts a damage counter onto a character or location, that doesn’t count as dealing damage to that character or
                 location and isn’t affected by modifications to damage that is dealt (e.g., Resist).
   9.3. Moving Damage Counters

        9.3.1. Moving damage counters has the effect of removing a specified number of counters from a chosen character and putting the
                 same number of damage counters on.
                 Example: Simba – Protective Cub is in play with 1 damage counter on him. The opponent has The Prince – Never Gives Up in play.
                 If Bestow a Gift is played to move 1 damage counter from Simba to The Prince, the player removes that 1 damage counter and
                 places it on The Prince. The Prince’s Resist ability doesn’t affect this damage, as it isn’t damage dealt.
   9.4. Leaving Play

        9.4.1. When a card with damage leaves play, when game states are checked all damage counters on it cease to exist.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                  22
10. KEYWORDS
   10.1. General

        10.1.1. Keyword abilities provide an ability to the character based on that word. Some abilities stack, or combine; these abilities are
                followed by “+[N].” A keyword ability that doesn’t have a +[N] doesn’t stack with other effects that provide that keyword.
                   Example: If you have a character with Support and an effect gives that character Support, only the first instance of the keyword
                   applies. However, if the keywords were Resist +1 and Resist +2, the abilities would stack, and that character would have Resist +3.
   10.2. Bodyguard

        10.2.1. When you play this character, you may choose to have them enter play exerted. If an opposing character challenges one of
                   your characters, they must choose one of your characters with the Bodyguard keyword if able.
   10.3. Challenger

        10.3.1. This character gets +N {S} while they are challenging (but not while they are being challenged). This stacks with other
                   Challenger effects.
   10.4. Evasive

        10.4.1. A character without Evasive can’t challenge this character, but this character can challenge characters with Evasive.

   10.5. Reckless

        10.5.1. This character can’t quest and must challenge if able. A player can still exert this character to use its abilities.
        10.5.2. If a character with Reckless is ready during the active player’s turn and there’s a character or location it can challenge, the
                   active player can’t declare their turn is ending.
   10.6. Resist

        10.6.1. Damage dealt to this character is reduced by N.
        10.6.2. If damage dealt to this character is reduced to 0, no damage is considered to have been dealt.
        10.6.3. This stacks with other Resist effects.

   10.7. Rush

        10.7.1. This character counts as dry for the purposes of challenging during the turn it’s played.

   10.8. Shift

        10.8.1. If you have a character in play with the same name as the character with the Shift ability, you may play that character for its Shift
                cost instead of its ink cost. If you do, put that card on top of a character of yours with the same name. This is called shifting.
        10.8.2. A shifted character takes on the state of the character it was placed on (e.g., it’s dry if the character it was placed on was dry,
                it’s exerted if the character it was placed on was exerted).
        10.8.3. If an effect on a shifted character causes it to enter play exerted, it becomes exerted as it enters play.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                      23
        10.8.4. A shifted character retains whatever damage was on the character it was placed on. It loses all text of the character it was
                placed on but keeps any effects that applied to that character when the shifted character enters play.
        10.8.5. When a shifted character leaves play, all cards in its stack (i.e., the card it was played on and any other cards beneath that one)
                go to the same zone as the shifted character card does, and the cards are no longer considered to be in a stack.
   10.9. Singer

        10.9.1. This character counts as cost N to sing songs.

   10.10. Sing Together

        10.10.1. Any number of your characters and your teammates’ characters with total cost N or more, in any combination, can {E} to sing
                 this song for free.
        10.10.2. When playing a song using Sing Together, add the ink costs of one or more of your ready characters together. If the total
                 meets or exceeds the cost listed for Sing Together, the character or characters can sing the song.
        10.10.3. When a character sings a song with Sing Together, any triggered abilities on it that have the condition “Whenever this
                 character sings a song” occur when the trigger condition is met.
   10.11.Song

        10.11.1. A character with cost N or more can {E} to sing this song for free.

   10.12. Support

        10.12.1. Whenever this character quests, you may add their current {S} to another chosen character’s {S} this turn.

   10.13. Ward

        10.13.1. Opponents can’t choose this character except to challenge.
        10.13.2. Effects that don’t choose still affect this character.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                 24
Glossary
ability
Special rules explaining what the card can do that differs from the game rules, such as an effect that resolves as a result of the card being played.
action
A type of card that gives its player an immediate one-time advantage. When an action is played, its player resolves its effects and then puts it in
their discard pile. Actions never enter the Play zone.
activate
To use an activated ability of a card.
activated ability
An ability that a player may use after paying its cost. An activated ability can’t be used if its cost can’t be paid. Activated abilities of items may be
used during the turn the item is played.
active player
The player who has started their turn. When a player ends their turn, they’re no longer the active player.
alter a starting hand
An optional choice made at the beginning of the game after each player has drawn their starting hand. Each player may take any number of
those cards, put them on the bottom of their deck without revealing them, draw until they have 7 cards in their hand, and reshuffle their deck.
bag
A nonphysical zone where triggered abilities wait before determining how their effects resolve. Whenever a triggered ability’s condition is met,
the ability is added to the bag.
banished
A card that is put into a player’s discard pile after it’s banished. A card can be banished as a result of abilities or effects or if it has damage equal
to or greater than its Willpower {W}.
Beginning Phase
The first phase of the turn, where a player resets their cards for the turn. This is where all effects that end at the start of the player’s turn end
and where effects that occur or begin at the start of their turn happen. The Beginning Phase has three steps: Ready, Set, and Draw.
card type
The type that each card used in the game has, such as character, action, item, or location. A card’s type determines the rules for how to play it.
challenge
When a player exerts one of their dry characters and chooses an exerted opposing character or an opposing location. Each character deals
damage equal to their Strength {S} to the other character or the location.
challenging character
A character chosen by the active player to challenge an opposing character or location. A challenging character is considered “in a challenge”
throughout the duration of the challenge.
character
A card that lists “Storyborn,” “Dreamborn,” or “Floodborn” on its classification line. (Characters may also have additional classifications.) A
character is the only type of card that has both {S} and {W} characteristics. A character that’s played is put into the Play zone and remains there
until it’s banished or removed from play by a game effect. A player may have multiple copies of a character with the same name in their deck but
can’t have more than 4 copies with the same full name.



disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                    25
classification
A category that identifies some characteristics of the card and may be referenced in rules of other cards. A card’s classification is located to the
right of a character’s ink type symbol.
cost
What is required in order to play a card or use an activated ability. This may be an ink cost or an alternate cost such as exerting a character. An
activated ability can’t be used if its full cost can’t be paid.
damage
Damage on a character or location is represented by damage counters and counts against its Willpower {W}. Damage is dealt by characters in a
challenge and by some effects. When a card with damage moves from in play to any other zone, the damage ceases to exist.
damage counter
A counter put on a character or location card to show how much damage it has. A single damage counter normally represents 1 damage;
any damage counter intended to represent more than 1 damage counts as a separate damage counter for each 1 damage it represents. If an
effect puts a damage counter onto a character or location, it does not count as damage dealt to the character or location and isn’t affected by
modifications to damage that is dealt.
damaged/undamaged
A character or location with 1 or more damage is considered damaged. A character or location with no damage on it is considered undamaged.
deck
A set of 60 or more cards a player uses in a game. Each deck can contain cards of up to two colors and up to 4 cards with the same name and
version (together known as a full name). There’s no upper limit to the number of cards in a deck. The deck is considered a private zone.
discard
1. noun. The single faceup pile where actions are put after they’ve finished resolving and where other cards are put after being banished from
play or discarded. When a player puts a card from their hand into their discard, they’re discarding that card. The discard is considered a public
zone.
2. verb. When a player chooses 1 or more cards from their hand and puts them into their discard pile. A player can discard only from their hand.
discard pile
Another name for the discard.
draw
When a player takes the top card of their deck and puts that card into their hand. A player can draw only from their deck.
Draw step
The third step of the Beginning Phase of a player’s turn where the player puts the top card of their deck into their hand. Once all effects have
been resolved and there are no more waiting to be added, the game moves into the Main Phase. On the first turn of the game, the active player
skips this step.
dry
A character that was in play at the start of its player’s current turn is considered to be dry.
drying
A character that was played after the start of its player’s current turn is considered to be drying. Drying characters can’t quest, challenge, or
{E} to pay any cost. Non-activated abilities on drying characters, including abilities that trigger “When you play this character,” are still in effect
while the character is drying. Drying characters may still be affected by card effects.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                    26
 effect
 What happens as a result of resolving an action or ability.
 End of Turn Phase
 The third phase of the turn structure that begins when the active player declares the end of their turn.
 exert
 To turn a card sideways, such as to quest, challenge, or pay the cost of a card or ability. Some abilities use the {E} symbol to show that the card
 must be exerted as part of the ability’s cost. While a card is exerted, its player may still use abilities on it that don’t require them to {E}.
 exerted
 A card that has been turned sideways.
 “for free”
 An effect that allows a player to play a card or use an activated ability without having to pay its listed ink cost. A player who plays a card or uses
 an activated ability for free must still pay any other costs.
 full name
 For cards that have a version in addition to a name, the combination of the two.
 game state check
 The check the game performs to verify a set of conditions. This check occurs at the start of any step and after each effect has resolved (see 1.9,
 “Game State Check”).
 hand
 The zone where cards drawn by a player are held.
 in play
 A term used to describe a card that has been put into the Play zone.
 ink
 The resource that players use to pay the cost of playing cards and using certain abilities. A player’s ink is represented by the cards they’ve put
 into their inkwell.
 ink type
 The ink type of a card as shown by the ink type symbol at the left edge of the card, just above the text box. The six ink types are Amber,
 Amethyst, Emerald, Ruby, Sapphire, and Steel, and each has its own symbol on the cards. A deck can have up to two ink types.
 inkwell
 The private zone where a player puts their ink cards, facedown. Each card in a player’s inkwell represents 1 {I}, no matter what’s on the front of
 the card, and players can’t look at the front of the cards in any inkwell.
 inkwell symbol {C}
 A circular symbol that’s present around a card’s cost if that card can be put into its player’s inkwell and used as ink.
 is damaged
 Is dealt damage.
 item
 A card that lists “Item” on its classification line. When a player plays an item, they put it in their Play zone, where it remains until it’s banished or
 removed from play by a game effect. Items can be exerted during the turn they’re played. A player can’t have more than 4 copies of an item with
 the same name in their deck.


disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                    27
keyword ability
An ability represented by a short, bolded name that is the same wherever the ability appears. Examples of keyword abilities include Bodyguard,
Challenger, Evasive, Reckless, and Rush.
location
A card that lists “Location” on its classification line. When a player plays a location, they put it in their Play zone. Locations have a cost to play, a
move cost to move a character to the location, and Willpower {W}. Locations can be challenged; when a location has damage equal to or greater
than its Willpower {W} that location is banished. A location may have a Lore value {L}, which is how much lore its player gains at the start of their
turn during the Set step. If a location has an activated ability, that ability can be used the same turn the location comes into play. A player may
have multiple copies of a location with the same name in their deck but can’t have more than 4 copies with the same full name.
lore
The resource players race to gain as they play. The first player to reach 20 lore wins the game.
Lore value {L}
A card characteristic that indicates the amount of lore its player can gain from it each turn. If it’s a character, the lore is gained by questing. If it’s
a location, the lore is gained at the start of its player’s turn during the Set step.
Main Phase
The second phase of the turn structure, where a player can perform any of the Main Phase turn actions (see 4.3, “Main Phase”).
move cost {M}
The cost to move one of your characters to one of your locations.
multiplayer game
A game played with three or more players.
name
A card’s name appears in large text above its classification line. On actions, items, and locations, the name is located in the center of the card.
On characters, the name is located on the left of the card, across from its {S} and {W}. A character’s or location’s name and version together make
up the card’s full name.
opponent
Anyone a player is playing against. Also known as opposing player.
opposing character
A character played by an opponent.
opposing player
Anyone a player is playing against. Also known as opponent.
phase
One of the three main parts of a turn. The phases of a player’s turn are the Beginning Phase, Main Phase, and End of Turn Phase.
play
The act of playing a card. A card can only be played from a player’s hand. If the card played is an action, the player reveals the card, pays its cost,
resolves its effects, and then discards it. If the card played is a character, item, or location, the player reveals the card, pays its cost, and puts
that card into play.
player
Anyone playing the game.



disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                    28
private zone
A zone where the cards aren’t publicly known. Players can’t look at them unless directed by a game rule (e.g., drawing a card) or an effect.
Players can count the number of cards in a private zone at any time. While a private zone is revealed, it’s not considered private.
public zone
A zone where the cards are publicly known. Players can look at or count the cards in any public zone at any time.
quest
When a player exerts a character to gain lore equal to that character’s Lore value {L}. A character can’t quest the same turn it’s played.
ready
A card that has been put in the ready position (upright) or the act of putting a card in the ready position. A player readies all of their exerted
cards in the Ready step of their turn.
Ready step
The first step of the Beginning Phase of a player’s turn where effects that apply “during your turn” start applying and the active player readies all
their cards in play. Effects that would end “at the start of your turn” and “at the start of your next turn” end. Effects that trigger at the start of
your turn trigger. However, they wait until the Set step to start resolving.
reminder text
Italicized text following a keyword and enclosed in parentheses. It’s not rules text and serves only as a memory aid.
replacement effect
An effect generated by some static abilities that replaces one effect with another.
Set step
The second step of the Beginning Phase of a player’s turn where characters that are in play are no longer drying and can quest, challenge,
or {E} to pay costs for activated abilities or song cards. During this step, the active player gains lore from locations they have in play with a {L}
characteristic. Effects that would occur “At the start of your turn” or “At the beginning of your turn” and abilities that triggered during the Ready
step are added to the bag, then all triggers are resolved.
shuffle
Randomizing the order of cards in a deck.
simultaneous turns
A turn in some multiplayer formats, in which all players on the same team progress through the phases and steps of the game at the same time.
Triggered abilities and effects are added to the bag by the team as a whole, and the team chooses the order they resolve in.
song
A type of action that can be played by exerting characters or by paying the song’s ink cost.
stack
1. noun. A number of cards set on top of each other, such as a character with Shift and the character it was played onto. When cards in a stack
leave play, they all go to the same zone as the top card and are no longer considered to be in a stack.
2. verb. When multiple effects combine. Keyword abilities that stack are followed by “+[N].”
starting hand
The initial 7 cards that a player draws at the start of the game, before they choose whether to alter their hand.
starting player
The player who takes the first turn of the game, determined randomly before the game begins. The starting player doesn’t draw on that turn.



disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                   29
static ability
An effect that could alter characteristics of a card, game rule, or game state. A static ability is continuously active, either for a fixed length of
time or for as long as the card generating the effect is in play.
Strength {S}
The amount of damage a character deals in a challenge. A character’s Strength {S} may be referenced in abilities or effects.
triggered ability
An ability that causes an effect to be added to the bag when a particular condition is met. Triggered abilities start with “When,” “Whenever,” “At
the start of,” or “At the end of” and describe the game state that causes the abilities to trigger and the effects of the abilities. When an ability
triggers, its effect is placed into the bag to be resolved.
turn
The unit of time each player takes to complete the following three phases: Beginning Phase, Main Phase, and End of Turn phase. Each player
takes their turn before passing the turn to the next player.
turn action
An action that the game allows a player to take during the Main Phase of their turn. A player may take any number of turn actions on their turn,
in any order. Turn actions include putting a card into the inkwell, playing a card, questing, challenging, moving a character to a location, and
using activated abilities.
version
A descriptor that can differentiate cards with the same name for purposes of building a deck. A character’s or location’s name and version
together constitute the card’s full name.
Willpower {W}
How much damage it takes to banish a character or location.
zone
A physical or nonphysical space used for gameplay purposes. Whether a zone is public or is private determines what information can be shared
about the cards there. Each player’s zones are: deck, hand, play, inkwell, discard, and bag. All zones are considered separate from one another.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                   30
Update Summary
  This section is an addition to the Comprehensive Rules as of May 20, 2024.
  May 20, 2024
  To prepare for the release of Ursula’s Return, updates were made to the Disney Lorcana Comprehensive Rules to address the following
  additions to the game:
      • New Keyword Ability: Sing Together
      • New Rule: Simultaneous Turns
      • New Rule: Loops
  Sing Together
  Added the following rules text:
   10.10. Sing Together

        10.10.1. Any number of your characters and your teammates’ characters with total cost N or more, in any combination, can {E} to sing
                 this song for free.
        10.10.2. When playing a song using Sing Together, add the ink costs of one or more of your ready characters together. If the total
                 meets or exceeds the cost listed for Sing Together, the character or characters can sing the song.
        10.10.3. When a character sings a song with Sing Together, any triggered abilities on it that have the condition “Whenever this
                 character sings a song” occur when the trigger condition is met.
  Simultaneous Turns
  Added the following rules text and example:
   1.10.3. Some multiplayer game formats use simultaneous turns.

        1.10.3.1.During a simultaneous turn, all players on the same team progress through the phases and steps of the game at the same
                time. During the Main Phase, the players can take any turn action they could take normally in any player order they wish.
                Players must complete one turn action in its entirety before moving to the next turn action.
        1.10.3.2. If triggered abilities or effects are added to the bag by multiple players during a simultaneous turn, these triggered abilities
                or effects are added to the bag by the team as a whole, and the order in which they are resolved is chosen by the team.
                Otherwise, resolving follows the same rules found in section 8.7, “Bag.”
                Example: Three players are members of the same team taking a simultaneous turn. During the Ready step of the Beginning
                Phase, all three players ready their cards at the same time. During the Set step, all three players gain lore from locations they
                have in play with a {L} characteristic and then add any effects or abilities that triggered during the Ready step to the bag at the
                same time. In the Draw step, all three players draw a card from their decks at the same time.
                After the game moves into the Main Phase, the players take a simultaneous turn together. The first player wants to put a card
                into their inkwell. The second wants to quest, and the third has decided to have one of their characters challenge an opposing
                character. The players can decide the order of these turn actions, but each turn action must be completed in its entirety before
                the next player can act.
                During the End of Turn Phase, the players declare the end of their turn. All triggers are added to the bag at the same time and all
                “this turn” effects end at the same time.


disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                  31
  Loops
  Added the following rules text:
        7.1.7.   Sometimes a combination of abilities can be repeated indefinitely, called a “loop.” If all players are aware of and understand
                 the actions of each iteration of the loop, the player who maintains the loop proposes a specific number of iterations. The
                 game is considered to proceed immediately through those iterations without the player performing each one. Then the game
                 continues and a new action must be taken.
  General Updates
     • 4.2.1. Fixed an issue where certain effects could end before intended.
     • 4.3.4.5. and 4.3.4.6. Clarified how the total cost of a card is determined and paid.
     • 4.3.4.9. Added section to clarify the relationship between Singer and total cost.
     • 4.3.4.10. Added section to clarify playing a card “for free.”
     • 4.3.8.2. Added section to clarify playing an ability “for free.”
     • 7.1.5. Clarified language in the example.
     • 7.1.6. Added section to clarify how to play a card during a resolving effect.
     • 7.1.8. Added section to clarify “up to” in card text.
     • 7.1.9. Added section to clarify “that” in card text.
     • 7.4.4. Added section to clarify triggered abilities with an intervening “if.”
     • 7.4.5. Added section to clarify triggered abilities with two effects separated by a period.
     • 7.5.3.–7.5.6. Clarified the steps of paying the cost of an activated ability.
     • 7.8.3. Added section to clarify what happens when a card has a negative Lore value.
     • 10.8.1. Updated language to reference non-ink Shift costs.
  Quality-of-Life Updates
     • 1.1.5. Added a hyperlink to the Disney Lorcana TCG Tournament Rules and removed redundant references.
     • 1.4.2. Clarified that teammates aren’t opponents.
     • 1.9.6. Moved this language to section 4.3.6.22.
     • 2.1.2 and 3.1.3. Removed redundant language about tournaments in favor of consolidating language in 1.1.5.
     • 4.2.1.1.–4.2.1.4. Reordered.
     • 4.2.1.4. Added “and at the beginning of your turn” to the section.
     • 4.2.2.2. Clarified that gaining lore from a location isn’t a triggered ability.
     • 4.3.6.13. Clarified that a negative {S} value counts as 0 {S} when dealing damage.
     • 4.3.6.15. and 4.3.6.16. Combined these two entries into section 4.3.6.15.
     • 6.5.6. Corrected the reference to the diagram.
     • 7.1.5. Added “or effect.”
     • 8.3.2 and 8.3.4. Combined these two citations into section 8.3.2 and removed section 8.3.4.




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                                32
  Glossary Updates
     • damaged: Added the definition of “undamaged” to the entry.
     • “for free”: Added language to include using activated abilities for free. Renamed from “play for free” and moved in the glossary.
     • is damaged: Added.
     • item: Added detail.
     • location: Clarified using an activated ability and added deck limit.
     • move cost: Added.
     • play: Clarified that playing a card is normally only from the hand.
     • play for free: Added language to include using activated abilities. Renamed “for free” and moved up.
     • simultaneous turns: Added.
     • stack: Added.
     • turn action: Added.
     • undamaged: Moved to the entry for “damaged.”




disneylorcana.com
©Disney                                                              33
disneylorcana.com
©Disney             34
