                          Play Correction Guidelines
                                                    Effective 5/21/2024*

  *Note: Links to the Disney Lorcana TCG Tournament Rules and the Disney Lorcana TCG Comprehensive Rules have been corrected.




INTRODUCTION
Ravensburger and the Disney Lorcana TCG Organized Play Team work to provide a welcoming, open, supportive, and safe
environment for all event participants. Part of this work includes setting guidelines and standards for corrective actions
that tournament officials might take during a Disney Lorcana TCG tournament; these rules are intended to provide an
overview of those standards.

All tournament participants agree to adhere to the rules outlined in this document. Corrective action may be taken if these
rules aren’t followed.

Other applicable documents that participants must adhere to include:
    • Disney Lorcana TCG Community Code here.
    • Disney Lorcana TCG Tournament Rules here.
    • Disney Lorcana TCG Comprehensive Rules here.

We’ve used colored text to make it easier to spot updates made to this document since its last publication. Text that is new
or changed is in red. Text that has been moved is in purple.

We welcome constructive feedback and suggestions regarding this document. Please contact us at
LorcanaOP@ravensburger.com to provide yours.




©Disney                                                       1                                                 disneylorcana.com
                                            CONTENTS
1. INTRODUCTION
    1.1. Definition of Corrective Actions
    1.2. Rewinding a Game
    1.3. Hidden Sets

2. RULE ERRORS
    2.1. Missed Trigger
    2.2. Hidden Information Error
    2.3. Card Count Error
    2.4. General Rule Error

3. TOURNAMENT ERRORS
    3.1. Tardiness
    3.2. Slow Play
    3.3. Deck/Registration Error – Minor
    3.4. Deck/Registration Error – Major
    3.5. Limited Error
    3.6. Information and Communication Error
    3.7. Marked Cards
    3.8. Outside Assistance

4. UNSPORTING CONDUCT
    4.1. Unsporting – Minor
    4.2. Unsporting – Major
    4.3. Unsporting – Severe
    4.4. Cheating
    4.5. Improper Match Result
    4.6. Wagering




©Disney                                         2      disneylorcana.com
SECTION 1: INTRODUCTION
1.1    Definition of Corrective Actions
Caution: This is the most basic level of corrective action. The player is cautioned that they should play more carefully to
avoid making this error in the future. It isn’t tracked or recorded.

Warning: The player receives a verbal Warning that they have committed an error and should be more careful in the future.
This Warning is recorded and tracked, and it may be upgraded if further errors are committed in the same tournament.

Game Loss: The player immediately loses the game currently in progress. If this corrective action is applied between
games, the player loses the next game they would play. If both players would receive a Game Loss for the same game,
instead the corrective actions are recorded but the game is played as normal. These are known as “offsetting” corrective
actions.

Match Loss: The player immediately loses the match currently in progress. If this corrective action is applied between
rounds, the player loses the next match they would play. If both players would receive a Match Loss for the same match,
these corrective actions don’t offset. Both players are given a loss for the match. If the Match Loss occurs during rounds
with prizing, the player remains eligible for any prize support offered.

Disqualification: The player immediately loses the match currently in progress (if any) and is dropped from the
tournament. If a player is disqualified during rounds with prizing, the player forfeits any prizes they would normally be
eligible for. They don’t have to forfeit any prizes already awarded to them (such as a door prize or promo card randomly
distributed prior to the disqualification).

Judges must take care when issuing corrective actions to players. They must explain the reason for the corrective action
and why the particular infraction applies in that situation.

Corrective actions can also be applied to spectators, if necessary. If the spectator was or is a player in the tournament, the
corrective action should be added in Melee. Otherwise, for significant issues, a brief report should be filed at
lorcanaop@ravensburger.com. Include key event, player and spectator information, and a brief description of the
incident(s).

Corrective actions must be applied in accordance with these Guidelines whenever possible. In significant and exceptional
circumstances, the Head Judge may choose to deviate from these Guidelines. When this happens, the Head Judge must
take care to explain the reasoning behind the deviation and emphasize that the ruling is an exception and shouldn’t be
expected in future tournaments.




©Disney                                                       3                                                 disneylorcana.com
1.2 Rewinding a Game
Several infraction remedies include the instruction to “rewind the game.” When rewinding a game, every action should be
carefully reversed one at a time in order to reset the game to the point the error occurred. Judges should start from the
most recent action and work backward to return the game to a previous state. If rewinding through a card draw and the
identity of the drawn card wasn’t known to both players, a random card should be sent back to the deck.

Because of the amount of information that may have been exchanged from the time of the error to the present game
state, rewinding should be considered only if leaving the game as is would be substantially worse.

If rewinding the game is likely to result in significantly different decisions being made (such as the introduction of new
random elements), this is strong evidence that a rewind shouldn’t be performed. Generally, rewinding through more than
one full turn should be strongly discouraged unless every action taken was very simple. Because the determination of
whether a rewind is justified is so sensitive, only the Head Judge may authorize a rewind.

Missed mandatory game actions, such as drawing a card for the turn or gaining lore from a location, may also be
considered for a rewind, with the same criteria. A good rewind should result in a game state where the gained information
makes no difference and the play decisions won’t be impacted. It’s good practice to exercise a healthy amount of caution
when approaching a rewind.

          Example 1: Player A has a Flounder – Voice of Reason in play. Player B has a Peter Pan – Never Landing in play.
          Flounder is declared as challenging Peter Pan, but Peter Pan has Evasive and Flounder doesn’t. At this point, a
          simple rewind to before the challenge was declared is appropriate.

          Example 2: Same as above, but the players put both character cards into their discards. Player A passes the turn,
          and Player B draws. At this point, a rewind could still be appropriate, but consider what the game would look like if
          corrected and if too much information has been gained.

          Example 3: Same as above. Player B plays Pinocchio – On the Run and brings Peter Pan back to their hand. Then,
          they pass the turn. Player A plays Lucifer – Cunning Cat, and Player B discards the Peter Pan and a Pua – Potbellied
          Buddy. At this point, the players have made significant decisions based on the erroneous challenge. Rewinding
          through two card draws as well as effects that directly impacted the hands and discards would likely result in
          different decisions being made. Not rewinding is appropriate.

1.3 Hidden Sets
The Disney Lorcana TCG has a unique challenge when it comes to the existence of hidden sets. Each player’s inkwell is a
facedown set of cards that should be mostly known to both players but can still be easily confused if a player sets another
hidden set of cards (such as their hand) down on the table nearby. Players are required to treat this situation with care, but
this won’t prevent errors from occurring.



©Disney                                                        4                                                 disneylorcana.com
Whenever handling a situation that involves a hidden set such as an inkwell, judges must investigate to determine as much
information as possible about the hidden set in order to come to the best resolution. For example, because players are
required to announce and reveal every card they add to their inkwell using the once-per-turn action, most (if not all) of a
player’s inkwell should be known information.



SECTION 2: RULE ERRORS
If a player receives a third Warning within a single category of Rule Error in a tournament, that third Warning should be
upgraded to a Game Loss.

           Example: If a player has received two Card Count Error Warnings, their third Card Count Error Warning is upgraded
           to a Game Loss. In contrast, if a player has received two Card Count Error Warnings and then receives an Inkwell
           Error Warning, that third Warning would not be upgraded.

2.1       Missed Trigger
Definition: A player misses a triggered ability or fails to demonstrate awareness of the trigger before it affects the game
state.

           Examples:
           • A player sings a song with Ursula – Deceiver of All, then challenges with another character.
           • A player quests with Doc – Leader of the Seven Dwarfs but pays the full cost of the next character they play.
           • A player plays an action while having Pete – Bad Guy in play, then challenges with him and says, “Deal 3
               damage.”

Corrective Action: Casual – Caution / Competitive – Caution

Context: Triggered abilities are common and, unlike activated abilities, don’t have an actionable element. Players shouldn’t
be punished harshly for forgetting one. Both players are responsible for maintaining a clear game state, and this includes
pointing out mandatory triggers even if those triggers are from an opponent’s card. Players aren’t required to remind one
another of triggers with the word “may” in the text, but they are strongly encouraged to point out such effects to make
the play experience more fun and inclusive for all.

Gaining lore from a location during the Set phase is a mandatory turn action, not a triggered ability.

If the active player missed a trigger but caught it before their turn would end, perform the remedy but don’t issue the
corrective action.

Remedy: If the triggered ability was missed more than a turn cycle ago, do nothing and tell the players to continue playing.




©Disney                                                       5                                                disneylorcana.com
If the triggered ability has a duration (such as “until end of turn”) and the duration has passed, do nothing and tell the
players to continue playing.

In all other circumstances, the opponent chooses whether to add the trigger to the bag. If they add it to the bag, it
resolves immediately. Any choices that couldn’t have been made when the trigger would’ve originally happened, such as
for a character that wasn’t in play yet, can’t be made now.

If the missed trigger had the word “may,” it is assumed that the choice was made not to perform the ability.

Upgrade (Competitive Only): If the trigger would have a negative impact for the player, the corrective action is instead a
Warning.

2.2 Hidden Information Error
Definition: A player sees a card they weren’t allowed to see, such as a card in their inkwell.

          Examples:
          • A player flips over a card in their inkwell.
          • A player knocks off the top card of their deck while drawing.
          • A player looks at the top 3 cards of their deck when resolving the triggered ability on Sisu – Divine Water
              Dragon.

Corrective Action: Casual – Caution / Competitive – Warning

Context: Because the Disney Lorcana TCG is a card game, accidental dexterity errors or a simple misread can cause a
player to accidentally gain information they wouldn’t normally be able to see. Players shouldn’t be harshly penalized for
this, but extra emphasis should be placed on instructing the players to play more carefully.

Remedy: If the seen card was added to the inkwell through the normal once-per-turn action, reveal the card to the
opponent, then return it to the inkwell. If the card was added by any other means, reveal it to the opponent, then shuffle it
into the player’s deck and replace it with a random card from that deck. In either case, strongly reinforce that looking at
cards in your inkwell is against the rules. Further violations should be handled as Unsporting – Cheating.

If the seen card wasn’t in an inkwell, shuffle it into the random portion of its player’s deck.

If the seen card was a part of a set, randomly choose a number of extra cards equal to the number seen in the set and
shuffle those into the random portion of its player’s deck.




©Disney                                                         6                                               disneylorcana.com
2.3 Card Count Error
Definition: A player has an incorrect number of cards in their hand or inkwell.

          Examples:
          • A player draws 2 cards instead of 1 for their once-per-turn draw.
          •    A player puts 2 cards into their inkwell from Fishbone Quill.
          •    A player draws on their first turn as the starting player.

Corrective Action: Casual – Caution / Competitive – Warning

Context: These types of errors are common through player error or simple dexterity issues. Because the potential for
abuse exists, however, we still want to enforce a corrective action to dissuade players from trying to game the system.

There’s a fine line between a Hidden Information Error and a Card Count Error. Consider where the seen cards are and if
they’re still a part of the same set. If they are, treat it as a Hidden Information Error. If the card(s) have moved from one
hidden zone to another, it’s a Card Count Error.

Remedy: If a player has too few cards in their hand, instruct them to draw cards equal to the difference.

If the player has too many cards in their hand, investigate to identify which cards belong in their hand. Once this is done,
remove cards at random from the remaining cards until the hand has the correct number. Shuffle the removed cards into
the random portion of the player’s deck.

If a player’s inkwell contains too few cards, investigate to identify which card is missing, if possible. If the identity of the
card is unknown, add a random card from the player’s deck facedown. The players don’t get to learn the identity of the
card. Do this for each missing card in the inkwell.

If a player’s inkwell contains too many cards, investigate to identify which cards belong in their inkwell. Once this is done,
remove random cards from the remaining inkwell cards until the inkwell contains the correct number. Shuffle the removed
cards into the random portion of the player’s deck.

2.4 General Rule Error
Definition: A player commits an in-game rule violation that doesn’t fall under Hidden Information Errors or Card Count
Errors. A player missing an effect that uses the word “may” hasn’t committed this infraction.

          Examples:
          • A player quests with a character with Reckless.
          • A player plays Befuddle to return Ratigan – Criminal Mastermind to their opponent’s hand.
          • A player resolves the triggered ability of Merlin – Squirrel but puts the card into their discard.
          • A player pays 6 {I} to play Be Prepared.



©Disney                                                         7                                                   disneylorcana.com
Corrective Action: Casual – Caution / Competitive – Warning

Context: If the root of the error isn’t one of the previous three corrective actions, then it falls into General Rule Error. This
error is broad in definition and scope, and care should be taken to make sure the remedy and corrective actions are
consistent.

Remedy: Either rewind the game to the point of the error or leave the game as is (1.2 Rewinding a Game). Choosing to
rewind must be done with the approval of the Head Judge. If leaving the game as is, be sure to handle anything that is
currently illegal (such as a character with damage equal to or greater than its Willpower that hasn’t been banished) before
instructing the players to continue playing.



SECTION 3: TOURNAMENT ERRORS
If a player receives a second Warning within a single category of Tournament Error in a tournament, that second Warning
should be upgraded to a Game Loss.

3.1       Tardiness
Definition: A player arrives up to 10 minutes late to their match or turns in their deck list after the deadline. This doesn’t
apply if the player checked in with a Tournament Official beforehand (such as for the bathroom, an important phone
call, etc.).

           Examples:
           •   A player arrives at their seat after the round has started.
           •   A player sits at the incorrect table when the round starts and plays the wrong opponent.
           •   A player turns in a deck list after the Judges have called for them.

Corrective Action:

 If the player is late by:                     0–2 minutes                 3–9 minutes                10 minutes or more
 Casual                                          Caution                     Warning                  Match Loss + drop
 Competitive                                     Warning                    Game Loss                 Match Loss + drop


Remedy: Issue the affected match a time extension equal to the time the player was late.

Judges should base the corrective action on the number of minutes the player was late. For example, if a player arrives at
their seat 2m30s into a Competitive round, they’ll receive a Warning. If they arrive 3m30s late, it’s a Game Loss.

If a player is more than 10 minutes late to their match, they should be issued a Match Loss and be dropped from the
tournament. If the player shows up before the end of the round, they may be re-enrolled at the discretion of the Head
Judge.


©Disney                                                         8                                                  disneylorcana.com
3.2 Slow Play
Definition: A player takes an inordinately long time to make a play decision.

          Examples:
          • A player checks their and/or their opponent’s discard zone multiple times without taking any action.
          • A player gets up from their seat for any reason without checking in with a Tournament Official.

Context: Players are expected to play at a reasonable pace to prevent any time disadvantage for one player over the other.
Most players don’t even realize they’re playing slowly, so a simple nudge from the Judge is usually more than sufficient.
Any further delays should result in corrective action.

Corrective Action: Casual – Caution / Competitive – Warning

Remedy: If the match is still going when time is called for the round, the match should go an additional two extra turns for
the end-of-match procedure.

If the match is already in extra turns, the corrective action is still applied but the remedy isn’t.

3.3 Deck/Registration Error – Minor
Definition: A player has a small error in their deck list or the composition of their deck. These types of errors are normally
correctable with minimal impact to the tournament operation.

          Examples:
          • A player has a 39-card Limited deck.
          • A player has a 59-card Constructed deck and the missing card is located inside the deck box.
          • A player has more than 4 copies of a card in a deck and catches it themselves.
          • A player’s deck and deck list are both legal but don’t match.

Corrective Action: Casual – Warning / Competitive – Warning

Context: Minor errors can occur from a simple counting or dexterity error and shouldn’t be harshly penalized. Because
these common errors can be abused, however, a corrective action is warranted to disincentivize bad actors.

Extra cards in the deck box should be included in the deck composition unless they’re promotional cards given out during
the event or placeholder cards for the inkwell. Placeholder cards shouldn’t be Disney Lorcana cards.

Remedy: For a Limited deck that is under 40 cards, randomly add cards from the player’s remaining card pool until the
deck minimum is achieved.

For a Constructed deck that breaks the 4-card limit, remove the excess cards until the error is corrected. If this causes the
deck be fewer than 60 cards, the corrective action is Deck/Registration Error – Major.




©Disney                                                         9                                                disneylorcana.com
If a deck is illegal but has a legal list, alter the deck to match the list.

If the deck list must be altered for any reason, the corrective action is Deck/Registration Error – Major.

3.4 Deck/Registration Error – Major
Definition: A player has a substantial error with their deck or deck list. These types of errors require more investigation or
effort to fix, and the fix results in the composition changing from what was originally submitted.

             Examples:
             •   A player has a 59-card Constructed deck and is unable to locate the missing card.
             •   A player has a Constructed deck with more than two ink colors.
             •   A player has a deck list that needs to be altered to reflect the deck.

Corrective Action: Casual – Game Loss / Competitive – Game Loss

Context: Major issues with a deck or deck list can significantly impact the integrity of the tournament. If players aren’t
held accountable for what they intend to play, a player could alter their deck for a match in order to make it more
favorable. The Game Loss penalty serves as a strong deterrent against this kind of behavior and encourages players to be
vigilant in their intentions of what they want to play.

Remedy: If the deck contains too many ink types, the ink(s) with the fewest cards must be removed and replaced with
cards of the two ink types most represented. If there’s a tie, randomly determine which ink is to be removed.

If the deck list and deck both contain too few cards, the player must obtain and add cards until the deck minimum is
satisfied.

If cards can’t be obtained or added by the player, the Judge can issue an Ink Card Proxy for each card that needed to be
replaced. An Ink Card Proxy only represents 1 {I}. It has no text and no characteristics (such as Strength or Willpower).

If the replacement card(s) can be obtained later in the tournament, the player can revert the deck and deck list to the
original submission without incurring another penalty.

3.5 Limited Error
Definition: A player makes an error during a draft.

             Examples:
             • A player looks at the cards they’ve already drafted during a Competitive draft.
             • A player passes the pack the wrong direction.

Corrective Action: Casual – Caution / Competitive – Warning




©Disney                                                           10                                             disneylorcana.com
Context: Errors during a draft can be disruptive and time consuming to fix. Care should be given during draft instructions
to mitigate any potential issues as much as possible.

3.6 Information and Communication Error
Definition: A player incorrectly represents information in a game, and their opponent makes a gameplay decision based on
the erroneous information. This also covers when a player takes notes outside of writing down lore totals.

          Examples:
          • A player challenges with a character that has Challenger and doesn’t announce the correct Strength. A few
              moments later, they correct themselves.
          • A player is asked how many cards they have in their inkwell and they miscount.
          • A player looks at their opponent’s hand and writes down the contents on a piece of paper.

Corrective Action: Casual – Caution / Competitive – Warning

Context: It’s in all players’ best interests to play with clear communication. An error in how information is conveyed leads
to confusion for both the players involved and the Tournament Officials attempting to correct the issue.

Remedy: With the approval of the Head Judge, the game may be rewound to the point of the decision made based on the
incorrect information.

If the corrective action was for note taking, any notes should be removed.

3.7 Marked Cards
Definition: A player has cards or card sleeves that can be visually distinguished from the rest of their deck.

          Examples:
          • A player has small marks on three of their card sleeves. The cards are Maui’s Fish Hook, Mickey Mouse –
              Detective, and Tamatoa – So Shiny!
          • A player has 4 copies of a card that is warped such that it stands out from the rest of the deck.
          • A player has a deck where all of the cards of a single ink type are in a slightly but noticeably different shade of
              card sleeves.

Corrective Action: Casual – Warning / Competitive – Warning

Context: When playing a TCG, it’s normal for cards and sleeves to receive small marks and imperfections. The presence of
these marks alone isn’t enough to warrant a corrective action; it’s only when those marks are enough to present the
possibility of potential abuse that’s a problem.

It’s important to note that, in the normal course of the event, nearly all cards and sleeves could be considered marked in
some way. Judges should take note of this when determining whether to issue a corrective action.



©Disney                                                       11                                                 disneylorcana.com
Remedy: The player should replace the sleeves or cards with unmarked versions at their earliest convenience.

Upgrade: If the Head Judge determines that the marked cards are identifiable easily enough to be significantly abused,
the player should replace the sleeves or cards immediately. If the tournament is Competitive, the corrective action should
be upgraded to a Game Loss.

3.8 Outside Assistance
Definition: A player or spectator gives or receives hidden information or play advice while playing a match, or a player
consults notes made outside of the current match.

          Examples:
          • A player turns to a spectator and asks if a card in their hand is the right play.
          • A spectator interrupts a match to provide advice on how to challenge the opponent.
          • A player pulls out their phone and looks up advice on how to play against their opponent’s deck.
          • During the game, a player checks notes made during the previous match by someone who scouted their
              opponent.

Corrective Action: Casual – Game Loss / Competitive – Match Loss

Context: Disney Lorcana games are played between the players themselves, not players plus help. Seeking assistance from
outside the game immediately damages the integrity of the match and should be strongly discouraged from all sides.

It’s important to note that not all things said to a player from a spectator would be Outside Assistance. For example,
reminding your friend to quest is play advice and would receive a corrective action, but telling your friend that you won
your match isn’t play advice so is acceptable.

Remedy: If the person committing the infraction is a spectator, they should be asked to leave that match. In addition, a
player who receives unsolicited play advice from a spectator will receive an Outside Assistance Warning corrective action.



SECTION 4: UNSPORTING CONDUCT
If a player receives a second Warning within a single category of Unsporting Conduct in a tournament, that second
Warning should be upgraded to a Game Loss.




©Disney                                                      12                                                disneylorcana.com
4.1       Unsporting – Minor
Definition: A player takes an action that causes minor distress or discomfort to others.

           Examples:
           • A player uses vulgar or profane language.
           • A player loudly complains about their opponent’s deck.
           • A player demands a corrective action against their opponent or appeals a Judge before the ruling has been
               fully given.
           • A player leaves excessive trash in the play area.
           • Roughhousing or engaging in physical activity in the play aisles (tag, running laps, etc.).
           • A player repeatedly asks for a concession from their opponent.

Corrective Action: Casual – Warning / Competitive – Warning

Context: The Disney Lorcana TCG is a family-friendly and inclusive game for all. Players are expected to help foster this
atmosphere by being kind and compassionate. In order to preserve a safe and fun environment for all, players should be
educated as to why their behavior is unacceptable.

Remedy: Most Minor Unsporting infractions will be unintentional, so the player must be informed of why their behavior
was distressing or discomforting and remedy the situation if possible.

4.2 Unsporting – Major
Definition: A player takes an action that could reasonably be expected to cause major discomfort or alienation or to have a
direct impact on tournament logistics.

           Examples:
           • A player fails to comply with/ignores the instructions of a Tournament Official.
           • A player uses items or paraphernalia deemed inappropriate by a Tournament Official.
           • A player loudly complains about their opponent.

Corrective Action: Casual – Match Loss / Competitive – Match Loss

Context: Players are expected to act in a respectful manner toward all others during any event. Making others feel
uncomfortable or unaccepted goes against Disney Lorcana core values. The corrective action is a Match Loss, to reinforce
our unwavering commitment to fostering a safe and fun play space for everyone.

Remedy: The players should be separated immediately, and the offending player must be educated as to why the behavior
is unacceptable. If the player is unrepentant and refuses to acknowledge that their conduct was unacceptable, the Head
Judge is strongly encouraged to upgrade this corrective action to Unsporting – Severe.




©Disney                                                      13                                               disneylorcana.com
4.3 Unsporting – Severe
Definition: A player takes an action that significantly disrupts the tournament and/or risks injury to another person. This
includes actions that may make a player feel discriminated against based on a protected class.

          Examples:
          • Using a slur against another attendee.
          • Intentionally misgendering another attendee.
          • Defacing or destroying another person’s property or property of the Tournament Officials/Venue.
          • Theft of any materials from another attendee and/or Tournament Officials/Venue.
          • Making a threat of physical violence against anyone or intentionally causing physical harm to anyone.

Corrective Action: Casual – Disqualification / Competitive – Disqualification

Context: The safety and well-being of players is of the utmost importance and is taken extremely seriously. There is zero
tolerance for any action that causes physical or emotional harm.

Remedy: The player should be removed from the venue by any safe means available. The Tournament Organizer may
choose to involve local authorities if they deem it necessary.

4.4 Cheating

Definition: A player intentionally breaks a game rule or tournament rule in order to gain an advantage. This includes lying
to a Tournament Official or intentionally playing slowly to take advantage of a time limit.

          Examples:
          • A player notices their opponent put a character into discard that wasn’t supposed to and fails to say
              anything.
          • A player realizes they drew an extra card and fails to call a Judge.
          • A player attempts to alter the match record in their favor without their opponent’s knowledge.
          • A player realizes they added an extra card to their inkwell and doesn’t call a Judge.
          • A player who won the first game of a match intentionally slows play in order to take advantage of the clock
              and prevent their opponent from gaining any match points.

Corrective Action: Casual – Disqualification / Competitive – Disqualification




©Disney                                                      14                                                 disneylorcana.com
4.5 Improper Match Result
Definition: A player offers an incentive in exchange for a concession or accepts such an offer, or players determine a
match result by an outside-the-game method such as flipping a coin or rolling a die. This also extends to offers made to
Tournament Officials.

          Examples:
          • A player offers their opponent their promotional card if they concede the game.
          • A player attempts to influence a Judge’s ruling by offering to pay for their dinner.
          • Two players agree to roll dice to determine if the match is a 2-0 victory or a 1-1 draw.

Corrective Action: Casual – Match Loss / Competitive – Disqualification

Context: Improper Match Results compromise the integrity of the tournament. It’s unfair and disrespectful to the players
who are playing fairly if others are allowed to use methods outside of the Disney Lorcana TCG to determine game and
round winners.

Remedy: The Head judge is responsible for assuring that the players involved are educated as to why this behavior is
unacceptable.

4.6 Wagering

Definition: A player offers to make a bet on any part or portion of an event. The wager doesn’t need to be monetary.

          Examples:
          • Two players agree that whoever goes 2-0 will be allowed to pick a card from the other’s trade binder for keeps.
          • Two players make a bet over who will win the Top 8.
          • A player offers to start a betting pool on certain players making it to the playoff rounds.
          • Two players bet on how much ink will be in a player’s inkwell at the end of the game.

Corrective Action: Casual – Match Loss / Competitive – Disqualification

Context: Wagering severely disrupts the integrity of the event. In many cases, betting may also run afoul to local laws and
regulations. Any form of wagering is strictly forbidden.

Remedy: The Head judge is responsible for assuring that the players involved are educated as to why this behavior is
unacceptable.




©Disney                                                      15                                               disneylorcana.com
