Disney Lorcana TCG Play Correction Guidelines
Eﬀective 8/22/2023


  0. PURPOSE

  1. INTRODUCTION
        1.0 Deﬁnition of Corrective actions
        1.1 Rewinding a Game
        1.2 Hidden Sets

  2. RULE ERRORS
       2.1 Inkwell Error
       2.2 Card Count Error
       2.3 General Rule Error

  3. TOURNAMENT ERRORS
       3.1 Tardiness
       3.2 Slow Play
       3.3 Deck Error – Minor
       3.4 Deck Error – Major
       3.5 Limited Error
       3.6 Communication Error
       3.7 Marked Cards

  4. UNSPORTING CONDUCT
       4.1 Unsporting – Minor
       4.2 Unsporting – Major
       4.3 Unsporting – Severe
       4.4 Cheating
       4.5 Improper Match Result
Ravensburger and the Disney Lorcana TCG Organized Play Team work to provide a
welcoming, open, supportive, and safe environment for all event participants. Part
of this work includes setting guidelines and standards for corrective actions that
tournament oﬃcials might take during a Disney Lorcana TCG Tournament; these
rules are intended to provide an overview of those standards.

All tournament participants agree to adhere to the rules outlined in this document.
Corrective action may be taken if these rules are not followed.

Other applicable documents that participants must all adhere to include:

   •   Disney Lorcana TCG Community Code
   •   Disney Lorcana TCG Tournament Rules



SECTION 1: INTRODUCTION

1.1 Deﬁnition of Corrective Actions

Caution: This is the most basic level of corrective action. The player is cautioned
that they should play more carefully to avoid making this error in the future. It is
not tracked or recorded.

Warning: The player receives a verbal Warning that they have committed an error
and should be more careful in the future. This Warning is recorded and tracked, and
it may be upgraded if further errors are committed in the same tournament.

Game Loss: The player immediately loses the game currently in progress. If this
corrective action is applied between games, then the player loses the next game
they would play. If both players would receive a Game Loss for the same game,
instead the corrective actions are recorded but the game is played as normal. These
are known as “oﬀsetting” corrective actions.

Match Loss: The player immediately loses the match currently in progress. If this
corrective action is applied between rounds, then the player loses the next match
they would play. If both players would receive a Match Loss for the same match,
these corrective actions do not oﬀset. Both players are given a loss for the match.

Disqualiﬁcation: The player immediately loses the match currently in progress (if
any) and is dropped from the tournament.

Judges must take care when issuing corrective actions to players. They must
explain the reason for the corrective action and why the particular infraction applies
in that situation. Corrective actions can also be applied to spectators, if necessary.
If the spectator was or is a player in the tournament, the corrective action can be
added in Melee. Otherwise, for signiﬁcant issues, a brief report can be ﬁled at
lorcanaop@ravensburger.com. Include key event, player and spectator information,
and a brief description of the incident(s).
Corrective actions must be applied in accordance with these Guidelines whenever
possible. In signiﬁcant and exceptional circumstances, the Head Judge may choose
to deviate from these Guidelines. When this happens, the Head Judge must take
care to explain the reasoning behind the deviation, and emphasize that this ruling is
an exception and should not be expected in future tournaments.

1.2 Rewinding a Game

Several infraction remedies include the instruction of “rewind the game.” When
rewinding a game, every action should be carefully reversed one at a time in order
to reset the game back to the point where the error occurred. Judges should start
from the most recent action and work backwards, returning the game to a previous
state. If rewinding through a card draw, a random card should be sent back to the
deck if the identity of the drawn card was not known to both players.

Not all errors should involve a rewind. If rewinding the game is likely to result in
signiﬁcantly diﬀerent decisions being made (due to the introduction of new random
elements), this is strong evidence that a rewind should not be performed.
Generally, rewinding through more than two turns should be strongly discouraged
unless every action taken was very simple. Since the determination of whether a
rewind is justiﬁed is so sensitive, only the Head Judge may authorize a rewind.

1.3 Hidden Sets

The Disney Lorcana TCG has a unique challenge when it comes to the existence of
hidden sets. Each player’s inkwell is a facedown set of cards that should be mostly
known to both players but can still be easily confused if a player sets another
hidden set of cards (such as their hand) down on the table nearby. Players are
required to treat this situation with care, but this will not prevent errors from
occurring.

Whenever handling a situation that involves a hidden set such as an inkwell, judges
must investigate to determine as much information as possible about the hidden set
in order to come to the best resolution. Players are required to announce and reveal
every card they add to their inkwell using the once-per-turn action, so most (if not
all) of a player’s inkwell should be known information, for example.



SECTION 2: RULE ERRORS

If a player receives a third Warning within a single category of Rule Error in a
tournament, that third Warning should be upgraded to a Game Loss.

For example, if a player has received two Card Count Error Warnings, their third
Card Count Error Warning is upgraded to a Game Loss. In contrast, if a player has
received two Card Count Error Warnings and then receives an Inkwell Error
Warning, that third Warning would not be upgraded.
2.1 Hidden Information Error

Deﬁnition: A player sees a card they were not allowed to see, such as a card in
their inkwell.

Corrective action: Casual – Warning / Competitive – Warning

Remedy: If the seen card was added to the inkwell through the normal once-per-
turn action, reveal the card to the opponent, then return it to the inkwell. If the
card was added by any other means, reveal it to the opponent, then shuﬄe it into
the player’s deck and replace it with a random card from that deck. In either case,
strongly reinforce that looking at cards in your inkwell is against the rules. Further
violations should be handled as Unsporting – Cheating.

If the seen card was not in an inkwell, shuﬄe it into the random portion of its
owner’s library.

2.2 Card Count Error

Deﬁnition: A player has an incorrect number of cards in their hand or inkwell.

Corrective action: Casual – Warning / Competitive – Warning

Remedy: If a player has too few cards in their hand, instruct them to draw cards
equal to the diﬀerence. If the player has too many cards, investigate to identify
which cards deﬁnitely belong in that player’s hand. Once this is done, remove cards
at random from the remaining cards until the hand is the correct size. Shuﬄe the
removed cards into the random portion of the player’s deck.

If a player’s inkwell contains too few cards, investigate to identify which card is
missing, if possible. If the identity of the card is unknown, add a random card from
the player’s deck facedown. The players do not get to learn the identity of the card.

If a player’s inkwell contains too many cards, investigate to identify which cards
deﬁnitely belong in the inkwell. Once this is done, remove random cards from the
remaining inkwell cards until the inkwell contains the correct number of cards.
Shuﬄe the removed cards into the random portion of the player’s deck.

2.3 General Rule Error

Deﬁnition: A player commits an in-game rule violation that does not fall under
Inkwell Errors or Card Count Errors. A player missing an eﬀect that uses the word
“may” has not committed this infraction.

Corrective action: Casual – Caution / Competitive – Warning

Remedy: Either rewind the game to the point of the error or leave the game as is.
If choosing to rewind, this must be done with the approval of the Head Judge. If
leaving the game as is, be sure to handle any game objects that are currently illegal
(such as a character with damage equal to or greater than its Willpower that hasn’t
been banished) before instructing the players to continue playing.
SECTION 3: TOURNAMENT ERRORS

If a player receives a second Warning within a single category of Tournament Error
in a tournament, that second Warning should be upgraded to a Game Loss.

3.1 Tardiness

Deﬁnition: A player arrives up to 10 minutes late to their match or turns in their
deck list after the deadline.

Corrective action:

 If the player is late by:    0–2 minutes        2–10 minutes        Over 10 minutes
 Casual                         Caution            Warning          Match Loss + drop
 Competitive                    Warning           Game Loss         Match Loss + drop

Remedy: Issue the aﬀected match a time extension equal to the time the player
was late.

If a player is more than 10 minutes late to their match, they should be issued a
Match Loss and be dropped from the tournament. If the player shows up before the
end of the round, they may be re-enrolled at the discretion of the Head Judge.

3.2 Slow Play

Deﬁnition: A player takes an inordinately long time to make a play decision. A
player should be prompted to make a play if the judge believes they may be playing
too slowly, and further delay should result in this corrective action.

Corrective action: Casual – Caution / Competitive – Warning

Remedy: If the match is still going when time is called in the round, the match
should be an additional two extra turns for the end-of-match procedure.

3.3 Deck Error – Minor

Deﬁnition: A player has a deck that is illegal deck in a minor way. Examples include
playing with a 39-card Limited deck or with more than 4 of a single card in a
Constructed deck and catching it themselves. This also covers situations where a
deck is illegal but the corresponding deck list is legal.

Corrective action: Casual – Warning / Competitive – Warning

Remedy: For a Limited deck that is under 40 cards, randomly add cards from the
player’s remaining card pool until the deck minimum is achieved. For a Constructed
deck that breaks the 4-card limit, remove the excess cards until the error is
corrected. If this causes the deck to no longer be 60 cards, then the corrective
action is Deck Error – Major. If a deck is illegal but has a legal list, alter the deck to
match the list.
3.4 Deck Error – Major

Deﬁnition: A player has an illegal deck in a major way. Examples include playing a
Constructed deck with 59 cards or more than two ink colors represented.

Corrective action: Casual – Game Loss / Competitive – Match Loss

Remedy: If the deck list and deck both contain too few cards, the player must
obtain and add cards until the deck minimum is satisﬁed. If the deck contains too
many ink types, the inks with the fewest cards must be removed and replaced with
cards of the two ink types most represented. If there is a tie, randomly determine
which ink is to be removed.

3.5 Limited Error

Deﬁnition: A player makes an error during a draft, such as looking at cards already
drafted at Competitive Level.

Corrective action: Casual – Caution / Competitive – Warning

3.6 Communication Error

Deﬁnition: A player incorrectly represents information in a game, and their
opponent makes a gameplay decision based on the erroneous information.

Corrective action: Casual – Caution / Competitive – Warning

Remedy: With the approval of the Head Judge, the game may be rewound to the
point of the decision made based on the incorrect information.

3.7 Marked Cards

Deﬁnition: A player has cards or card sleeves that can be visually distinguished
from the rest of their deck.

Corrective action: Casual – Warning / Competitive – Warning

Remedy: The player should replace the sleeves or cards with unmarked versions at
their earliest convenience.

Upgrade: If the Head Judge determines that the marked cards are identiﬁable easily
enough to be signiﬁcantly abused, the player should replace the sleeves or cards
immediately. If the tournament is at Competitive, the corrective action should be
upgraded to a Game Loss.

3.8 Outside Assistance

Deﬁnition: A player or spectator gives or receives hidden information or play advice
while currently playing a match, or a player consults notes made outside of the
current match.

Corrective action: Casual – Game Loss / Competitive – Match Loss
Remedy: If the person committing the infraction is a spectator, they should be
asked to leave that match.



SECTION 4: UNSPORTING CONDUCT

If a player receives a second Warning within a single category of Unsporting
Conduct in a tournament, that second Warning should be upgraded to a Game Loss.

4.1 Unsporting – Minor

Deﬁnition: A player takes an action that causes minor distress or discomfort to
others.

Corrective action: Casual – Warning / Competitive – Warning

Remedy: Most Minor Unsporting infractions will be unintentional, so the player must
be informed of why their behavior was distressing or discomforting and remedy the
situation if possible.

4.2 Unsporting – Major

Deﬁnition: A player takes an action that could reasonably be expected to cause
major discomfort or alienation, particularly with regard to discrimination based on a
protected class (race, gender, ethnicity, etc.).

Corrective action: Casual – Match Loss / Competitive – Match Loss

Remedy: The players should be separated immediately, and the oﬀending player
must be educated as to why the behavior is unacceptable. If the player is
unrepentant and refuses to acknowledge that their conduct was unacceptable, the
Head Judge is strongly encouraged to upgrade this corrective action to Unsporting –
Severe.

4.3 Unsporting – Severe

Deﬁnition: A player takes an action that signiﬁcantly disrupts the tournament
and/or risks injury to another person.

Corrective action: Casual – Disqualiﬁcation / Competitive – Disqualiﬁcation

Remedy: The player should be removed from the venue though any safe means
available. The Tournament Organizer may choose to involve local authorities if they
deem it necessary.

4.4 Cheating

Deﬁnition: A player intentionally breaks a game rule or tournament rule in order to
gain an advantage. This infraction also includes lying to a Tournament Oﬃcial or
intentionally playing slowly to take advantage of a time limit.

Corrective action: Casual – Disqualiﬁcation / Competitive – Disqualiﬁcation
4.5 Improper Match Result

Deﬁnition: A player oﬀers an incentive in exchange for a concession or accepts such
an oﬀer, or players determine a match result by an outside-the-game method such
as ﬂipping a coin or rolling a die.

Corrective action: Casual – Match Loss / Competitive – Disqualiﬁcation

Remedy: The Head judge is responsible for assuring that the players involved are
educated as to why this behavior is unacceptable.



We welcome constructive feedback and suggestions regarding this document.
Please contact us at LorcanaOP@ravensburger.com to provide yours.
