                                                TRADING CARD GAME


                             Disney Lorcana TCG: The First Chapter Set Notes

          GENERAL RULES

          Challenges

          Q: Are abilities on characters that occur when they’re banished in a challenge
             considered to happen during the challenge?
             A: Abilities on characters that occur when they are banished in a challenge happen during
                that challenge.
                  Example: Marshmallow – Persistent Guardian has an ability that reads, “When this
                  character is banished in a challenge, you may return this card to your hand,” and
                  Cheshire Cat – Not All There has an ability that reads, “When this character is challenged
                  and banished, banish the challenging character.”
                  If a player challenges and banishes Cheshire Cat with Marshmallow, the Cheshire Cat’s
                  ability would banish Marshmallow during the challenge, allowing the challenging player to
                  return Marshmallow to their hand.

          Q: If I banish a shifted Floodborn card in a challenge while I have a card that lets me gain
              1 lore when I banish a character, how much lore do I gain?
             A: No matter how many cards are in a shifted character’s stack, they still count as a single
                character. Only the top card of a shifted character’s stack is considered banished for the
                purpose of effects like this.
                  Example: If you banish a shifted character with Simba – Rightful Heir, you still gain only
                  1 lore from his ability I Know What I Have to Do.

          Costs

          Q: If I have 2 copies of Mickey Mouse – Wayward Sorcerer in play, will my Magic Broom –
              Bucket Brigade cost 1 {I} less or 2 {I} less?
             A: Your Magic Broom will cost 2 {I} less, 1 {I} for each copy of Mickey Mouse – Wayward
                Sorcerer.

          Q: If I use Freeze and choose to exert my opponent’s The Queen – Wicked and Vain, will
              The Queen’s exert ability I Summon Thee allow me to draw a card?
             A: No. When an ability has a cost, the card’s player must pay that cost in order to use the
                ability. If another effect exerts The Queen, you don’t get to draw the card from I Summon
                Thee. Additionally, you won’t be able to use that ability until The Queen is readied.

          Q: If one of my characters with a cost higher than 2 sings Be Our Guest while I have
              Ursula’s Shell Necklace in play, can I apply the extra to pay the 1 {I} cost to use
              Ursula’s Shell Necklace and draw a card?
             A: No. The ink cost to use Ursula’s Shell Necklace must be paid independently from the cost
                of playing the song.




          August 28, 2023                                                                                      1

©Disney
                                             TRADING CARD GAME


          Inkwell

          Q: Can I look at the front of a card that’s already in my inkwell?
             A. No player can look at the front of a card once it’s put into an inkwell.

          Q: If a card from the top of the deck is put into my inkwell by an effect like Mickey Mouse
              – Detective’s ability Got a Clue, can I check what that card is before it goes
              facedown?
             A: No. Cards put into an inkwell from any location where the card’s information isn’t known,
                such as the top of a deck, can’t be looked at by either player.

          Q: If I use the ability of Fishbone Quill to put a card from my hand into my inkwell, should
              I show my opponent the card I choose?
             A: No. If an ability lets you put any card into an inkwell (regardless of whether it has an
                inkwell icon), you don’t show the card to opponents.

          Timing

          Q. When more than one effect happens at the same time, what order do they resolve in?
             A. If multiple effects of yours happen at the same time during your turn, you choose the
                order in which they occur, then resolve the effects in that order. After that, each other
                player resolves their effects in turn, starting with the player to your left.
                  Example: If you have Dr. Facilier – Agent Provocateur in play and your Gramma Tala –
                  Storyteller is challenged and banished, you choose whether to return the Gramma Tala
                  card to your hand or put it into your inkwell.

          Q: If I play the action Friends on the Other Side while I have Dr. Facilier – Remarkable
              Gentleman in play, will I draw the 2 cards from my deck before resolving his Dreams
              Made Real ability?
             A: Dr. Facilier’s effect will not occur until after you fully resolve the text on Friends on the
                Other Side.

          Other

          Q: What happens if a card tells me to perform an action and I can’t do everything it tells
             me to do?
             A: If a card says to perform an action, do as much as you can to fulfill the requirements. This
                does NOT apply to actions that are part of a cost.
                  Example: Develop Your Brain says “Look at the top 2 cards of your deck. Put one into
                  your hand and the other on the bottom of the deck.” If you only have one card left in your
                  deck, you look at that card and then put it in your hand.

          Q: Can a character’s Strength go below 0? What happens if an action or effect raises the
             Strength on that character later in the turn?
             A: When a character’s Strength would be reduced to 0 or below, the character is treated as
                having 0 Strength. If an ability or effect later adds Strength to that character, all modifiers
                to their Strength are applied at the same time to calculate their total Strength.


          August 28, 2023                                                                                       2



©Disney
                                            TRADING CARD GAME



          Q: Say I have an Elsa in play and I choose a ready character for Anna – Heir to
             Arendelle’s ability Loving Heart. If that chosen character is exerted later in the turn,
             will they stay exerted during the start of the next turn?
             A: Yes, the chosen character will stay exerted by Anna’s effect.


          KEYWORDS

          Bodyguard (This character may enter play exerted. An opposing character who challenges one
            of your characters must choose one with Bodyguard if able.)
             o   If there are multiple opposing exerted characters with the keyword Bodyguard, you can
                 choose which of those to challenge.

          Challenger +N (While challenging, this character gets +N {S})
             o   Challenger is additive, meaning you add up all numerical instances of it for a combined
                 +N {S} gain.
                 Example: If you have two of Tinker Bell – Peter Pan’s Ally in play, each of them gives
                 your Peter Pan characters Challenger +1, giving him a total of Challenger +2.

          Reckless (This character can’t quest and must challenge each turn if able.)
             o   Cards with Reckless must challenge if able, but they can sing or be exerted for other
                 reasons, making them no longer able to challenge.

             o   If a character with Reckless is readied, it still needs to challenge if able—even if it
                 already challenged this turn.

          Rush (This character can challenge the turn they’re played.)
             o   Characters with Rush may challenge the turn they’re played, ignoring the need for the
                 ink to dry. They still can’t quest, sing a song, or use an exert ability the turn they’re
                 played.

          Shift (You may pay N {I} to play this on top of one of your characters named X.)

          Q: Does an effect that lets me play a character for free or for less ink apply to playing a
             Floodborn character using their Shift ability?
             A: Yes. If a Floodborn character could be played for free, you can use their Shift ability to
                play them onto a character of the same name without paying the ink cost of the ability.
                Effects that allow you to pay less ink to play a card also allow you to pay less ink to pay
                Floodborn characters using their Shift ability.

          Q: Does shifting a character remove damage counters?
             A: No, any damage remains.

          Q: Can you shift a character, then challenge or quest with them?
             A: If the character you shifted onto has been in play since the beginning of your turn and
                could have challenged, the shifted character can challenge as well. If the former version


          August 28, 2023                                                                                     3


©Disney
                                             TRADING CARD GAME


                 couldn’t challenge for any reason, including an effect preventing that, the shifted
                 character can’t challenge either. Shifting a character into a new version doesn’t end any
                 effects that were on the former version.

          Q: What happens to all the cards in a character’s stack if the shifted character is
             banished or goes to your hand?
             A: Whatever happens to the top card in the stack of a shifted character also happens to any
                card under them. If the top card is put directly back into your hand, all cards in that stack
                go back to your hand. If the top card is put directly into your inkwell, all cards in that stack
                go along with it, each card counting as 1 ink. If the top card is banished, all cards in that
                stack go to your discard pile. Only the top card in the stack is considered banished. The
                stack separates once the cards are moved to another area.
                 Banishing a card always moves it to your discard pile, so effects that move a card to your
                 hand or inkwell when it’s banished move it (and any cards in its stack, if it’s a shifted
                 character) to your discard pile first. Any cards in that stack become separate cards again
                 at that point.

          Support (Whenever this character quests, you may add their {S} to another chosen character’s
             {S} this turn.)
             o   The correct wording is “another chosen character’s {S}.”
             o   You may choose any player’s character with your character’s Support ability.
             o   A character can’t gain multiple instances of the Support keyword.


          SPECIFIC CARDS

          A Whole New World

          Q: What happens if someone plays A Whole New World when all players have fewer than
             7 cards left in their deck?
             A: The active player resolves first, so that player would lose the game.

          Belle – Strange but Special

          Q: If I have multiple copies of Belle – Strange but Special in play, can I apply the effect of
              her Read a Book ability multiple times in a turn?
             A: Each copy of Belle can apply her ability once per turn.
                 Example: If you have 2 copies of Belle – Strange but Special in play, you may put 2 extra
                 cards into your inkwell each turn.

          Q: When I use Belle – Strange but Special’s Read a Book ability, can I place any card into
             my inkwell or does it need to have the inkwell icon?
             A: Belle’s Read A Book ability only allows you to put another card into your inkwell; it doesn’t
                override any other rules of the normal process of adding a card to your inkwell. The card
                must have the inkwell icon and you must show it to all players before putting it in your
                inkwell.


          August 28, 2023                                                                                      4



©Disney
                                              TRADING CARD GAME



          Dr. Facilier – Agent Provocateur

          Q. If I control Dr. Facilier – Agent Provocateur and one of my Floodborn characters who
              used their Shift ability to be played on top of another card is banished in a challenge,
              do all cards in the stack go back to my hand?
             A. No. Because the stack of cards all go to your discard pile first and become separate
                cards, you could only return the top card of the stack to your hand.

          Elsa – Spirit of Winter

          Q: If I use Elsa – Spirit of Winter’s ability Deep Freeze to exert 2 characters, can those
              characters be readied with an ability or effect such as Fan the Flames on their next
              turn?
             A: Characters exerted with the ability Deep Freeze can be readied by Fan the Flames and
                similar abilities.

          Moana – Of Motunui

          Q: If Moana – Of Motunui quests, can I choose which princesses I ready? If I had
              Princesses already readied or I ready them with other effects later in the turn, can
              they quest that turn?
             A: If you choose to use Moana’s We Can Fix It ability to ready your other Princess
                characters, you must ready all of them. If you quest with Moana – Of Motunui, no other
                Princesses can quest for the rest of your turn, regardless of whether you chose to ready
                them with her ability or they are readied later in the turn.

          Stitch – Rock Star

          Q: If I have multiple copies of Stitch – Rock Star in play, can I use his ability Adoring
              Fans multiple times on the same character?
             A: The ability Adoring Fans requires you to exert the newly played character in order to draw
                a card. Multiple instances of this ability won’t allow you to draw extra cards, because you
                won’t be able to exert the same character multiple times.

          Q: Say I have Stitch – Rock Star in play and a cost 3 character in my hand. If I use
             Lantern so I can pay 1 {I} less to play that character, can I then exert them to draw a
             card?
             A: It’s not the cost of the character you play that’s reduced by Lantern; it’s the amount you
                have to pay. The new character’s cost would still be 3, so they wouldn’t qualify to be a fan
                of Stitch.




          August 28, 2023                                                                                  5

©Disney
