                                     Tournament Rules
                                       Effective 07/14/2026



INTRODUCTION

Ravensburger and the Disney Lorcana trading card game Organized Play Team work to provide a
welcoming, open, supportive, and safe environment for all event participants. Part of this work
includes setting rules and standards for tournament roles, processes, and gameplay procedures.

All tournament participants agree to abide by the rules outlined in this document. Corrective action
may be taken if these rules aren’t followed. Other applicable documents that all participants must
follow are available at the Disney Lorcana TCG Resources page, here. These documents include:

    •     Disney Lorcana TCG Comprehensive Rules
    •     Disney Lorcana TCG Play Correction Guidelines
    •     Disney Lorcana TCG Organized Play Diversity & Inclusion Policy
    •     Disney Lorcana TCG Community Code

    •     We welcome constructive feedback and suggestions regarding this document. Please
          contact us at LorcanaOP@ravensburger.com to provide yours.

For a list of revisions to this document since its last publication, see the Update Summary at the
end of this document.




                                                  1
©Disney                                                                                  disneylorcana.com
                                       CONTENTS

    1. TOURNAMENT DEFINITIONS
          1.1.    Tournament Types
          1.2.    Tournament Levels
          1.3.    Tournament Formats
                1.3.1.     Constructed Tournament Formats
                1.3.2.     Limited Tournament Formats
                      1.3.2.1.       Preconstructed
                      1.3.2.2.       Sealed
                      1.3.2.3.       Pack Rush
                      1.3.2.4.       Draft
          1.4.    Tournament Roles
          1.5.    Eligible Players and Tournament Officials
          1.6.    Set Legality and Rotation
                1.6.1.     Rotation List
                1.6.2.     Banned Cards
    2. TOURNAMENT ROLES
          2.1.    Tournament Organizer
          2.2.    Lead Lore Guide
          2.3.    Lore Guides
          2.4.    Scorekeeper
          2.5.    Player
          2.6.    Spectator
          2.7.    Broadcast Representative
    3. TOURNAMENT OPERATIONS
          3.1.    Player Minimums
          3.2.    Round Minimums
          3.3.    Match Structure
          3.4.    Match Procedure
          3.5.    Out-of-Order Sequencing
          3.6.    Intentional Draws and Concessions
          3.7.    Takebacks
                3.7.1.     Eligibility and Limitations
                3.7.2.     Illegal Actions and Rules Errors
                3.7.3.     Examples of Eligible Takebacks
                3.7.4.     Examples of Ineligible Takebacks
          3.8.    Deck Registration
          3.9.    Deck Checks
          3.10.   Dropping from a Tournament
          3.11.   Approved Accessories
          3.12.   Time Extensions

                                            2
©Disney                                                       disneylorcana.com
    4. BROADCAST
          4.1.     Tournament Operator Rights
          4.2.     Player Likeness Consent
    5. INFORMATION AND COMMUNICATION
          5.1.     Game Layout
          5.2.     Notes and Information Tracking
          5.3.     Electronic Devices
          5.4.     In-Game Information
          5.5.     Inkwell
          5.6.     Card Naming and Descriptions
    6. TIME LIMITS
          6.1.     General Tournament Time Limits
          6.2.     Limited Tournament Time Limits
    7. PLAYER CONDUCT
          7.1.     Prohibited Conduct
          7.2.     Sponsors and Teams
          7.3.     Interviews and Other Content
    8. TRAVEL INFORMATION
          8.1.     Travel Documentation and Accommodations
          8.2.     Player Replacements/Alternates
    9. PRIZING
          9.1.     Prizing Earned




                                          3
©Disney                                                      disneylorcana.com
SECTION 1: TOURNAMENT DEFINITIONS

1.1 Tournament Types

Disney Lorcana TCG tournaments are divided into two types: Constructed and Limited.

Constructed tournaments are played with decks that the players have built before the tournament
begins. Each player is responsible for bringing a deck that is legal for the specific Constructed
format being played at that tournament. (See section 1.3.1, “Constructed Tournament Formats.”).

Limited tournaments are played with unopened Disney Lorcana TCG product that is provided by
the Tournament Organizer. Players aren’t expected to bring any Disney Lorcana TCG cards with
them to participate in a Limited tournament. Limited includes the Preconstructed, Sealed, Pack
Rush, and Draft variants. (See section 1.3.2, “Limited Tournament Formats.”)

1.2 Tournament Levels

Disney Lorcana TCG tournaments are divided into three levels: Entry-level, Competitive, and
Premier Play. All tournaments handle in-game errors by using the Disney Lorcana TCG Play
Correction Guidelines, available on the Disney Lorcana TCG Resources page, located here.

Entry-level tournaments are played with more relaxed rules and fewer, if any, prizes. These
tournaments are intended for less serious play; Tournament Organizers are responsible for
ensuring that these events are welcoming to less-experienced players. The focus of Entry-level
tournaments is to be fun and educational for all. Prerelease events are examples of Entry-level
tournaments.

Competitive tournaments are designed for more serious play and have stricter rules and higher
expectations for players. They also feature unique and sometimes significant prizes for players.
Because of this higher standard, players are expected to be familiar with the rules and policies
outlined in this document. Some Corrective Actions from the Play Correction Guidelines are also
modified at this level. Set Championships are examples of Competitive tournaments.

Premier Play tournaments are the highest level of Disney Lorcana TCG competitive tournaments.
The focus of these events is competition, and players can win significant prizes. Due to this higher
level of competition, players are expected to understand the rules and policies outlined in this
document as well as the full Play Correction Guidelines. Challenge Events and World
Championships are examples of Premier Play tournaments.

1.3 Tournament Formats

1.3.1 Constructed Tournament Formats

“Constructed” describes any event where players are expected to build their decks ahead of the
tournament. There are two Constructed formats: Core and Infinity.




                                                  4
©Disney                                                                                  disneylorcana.com
1.3.1.1 Core Constructed

    •     Constructed decks must contain at least 60 cards. There’s no maximum deck size, but a
          player must be able to shuffle their deck in a timely manner without assistance.
    •     Constructed decks must not contain cards from more than two ink types. For example, if a
          deck contains Amber and Amethyst cards, it must not contain any Emerald, Ruby,
          Sapphire, or Steel cards. Decks may contain dual-ink cards as long as they contain only the
          two ink types on those cards. For example, an Emerald and Ruby deck can’t contain a card
          that’s Emerald and Steel.
    •     Constructed decks must not contain more than 4 of a single card as identified by its full
          English card name. For a character or location card, its full name is the combination of the
          card’s name and its version. Thus, cards with the same name but different version names
          are considered distinct cards. For example, a deck may contain up to 4 copies of Ariel – On
          Human Legs as well as up to 4 copies of Ariel – Spectacular Singer.
    •     In a Core Constructed tournament, players may use only cards that are within the current
          rotation schedule to build their decks.
    •     In a Core Constructed tournament, players must not use any cards that are banned from
          the Core Constructed format. (See 1.6.2 “Banned Cards.”)

1.3.1.2 Infinity Constructed

    •     Infinity Constructed tournaments follow the same guidelines as Core Constructed
          tournaments with the following exceptions.
               o In Infinity Constructed tournaments, players may use any cards from any set as long
                   as they follow the other guidelines outlined in 1.3.1, “Constructed Tournament
                   Formats.”
               o Infinity Constructed tournaments feature their own banned card list that is separate
                   from Core Constructed tournaments. (See 1.6.2, “Banned Cards.”)

1.3.2 Limited Tournament Formats

“Limited” describes any event where players are provided with unopened Disney Lorcana TCG
product and are expected to build their decks on-site during the tournament. There are four Limited
formats: Preconstructed, Sealed, Pack Rush, and Draft.

    •     Limited decks in Sealed must contain at least 40 cards. Limited decks in Draft must contain
          at least 35 cards. There’s no maximum deck size, although decks are limited in size by the
          card pool they’re built from.
    •     Limited decks aren’t restricted in how many ink types they may contain.
    •     Limited decks may contain any number of copies of any individual card. For example, if a
          player in a Sealed tournament opens 6 copies of Genie – The Ever Impressive, they may play
          all 6 in their deck.

1.3.2.1 Preconstructed


                                                   5
©Disney                                                                                   disneylorcana.com
           o     In a Preconstructed tournament, players are provided with a random
                 preconstructed single-player deck from the set or sets chosen for the tournament.
                 At the Tournament Organizer’s discretion, players may add cards from or exchange
                 cards among the preconstructed deck, the booster pack included in their single-
                 player deck box (if applicable), and/or any additional sealed product supplied for
                 the construction of the deck.
           o     Because the provided preconstructed deck is 60 cards, the deck must be a
                 minimum of 60 cards after the deck construction period. Limited-format decks may
                 contain cards of more than two ink types.
           o     Preconstructed tournaments can only be Entry-level tournaments.

1.3.2.2 Sealed

           o In a Sealed tournament, each player is provided with a set of unopened booster
             packs from which to build their deck.
           o The minimum number of booster packs to be provided for Sealed tournaments is six
             per player, from the set(s) of the Tournament Organizer's choice. Each player begins
             with the same number of booster packs from each set selected.
           o Sealed events may be used at any tournament level.

1.3.2.3 Pack Rush

           o     In a Pack Rush event, each player is provided with two unopened booster packs,
                 either from the same set or from different sets, that will comprise their deck.
                 Players will remove the marketing or puzzle cards from the packs and shuffle all the
                 remaining cards from the two booster packs together to form a 24-card deck with
                 no ink type restrictions.
           o     All players should follow the remaining guidelines outlined in the Pack Rush Rules,
                 which can be found on the Disney Lorcana TCG Resources page, here.

1.3.2.4 Draft

           o     In a Draft tournament, players take turns selecting, or “drafting,” cards from
                 unopened booster packs to form their card pools.
           o     The minimum number of booster packs to be provided for Draft tournaments is four
                 per player, from the set(s) of the Tournament Organizer’s choice. Each player begins
                 with the same number of booster packs from each set selected.
           o     Players are seated in random groups called pods. The number of people in each
                 pod is at the discretion of the Tournament Organizer, although the guidelines here
                 should usually be followed.
                      Each pod should have as close to eight players as possible.
                      Each pod should have at least six players.
                      There should be no more than one pod with an uneven number of players.



                                                   6
©Disney                                                                                  disneylorcana.com
          o   Following these guidelines, here are the recommended pod sizes for smaller
              tournaments.

                                 # of players              Pods
                                     6-11                  1 pod
                                    12-14               1 pod of 6
                                                      1 pod of 6 to 8
                                        15-16           1 pod of 8
                                                      1 pod of 7 to 8
                                          17            1 pod of 8
                                                        1 pod of 9
                                          18            3 pods of 6
                                        19-20           2 pods of 6
                                                      1 pod of 7 to 8
                                          21            1 pod of 6
                                                        1 pod of 7
                                                        1 pod of 8
                                          22            1 pod of 6
                                                        2 pods of 8
                                          23            1 pod of 7
                                                        2 pods of 8
          o   For the first booster pack, each player opens a pack, selects a card to add to their
              card pool, and then passes the remaining cards to their left. Then, they collect the
              cards passed from their right, select a card, and pass the remaining cards to their
              left. Card selection continues in this manner until all cards from the pack have been
              drafted. All players should pass cards at the same pace, taking care not to allow a
              player to fall behind.
          o   The direction of passing reverses for each booster pack after the first: cards from
              the second pack are passed to the right, cards from the third pack are passed to the
              left, and so on. Each booster pack should be passed in only one direction around
              the table. If a player falls behind or passes a booster pack the wrong direction,
              players could end up with an incorrect number of cards. Once all packs have been
              drafted, each player’s selections become their card pool for deck construction.
          o   In Entry-level Draft tournaments, players may be paired against any other player in
              the tournament.
          o   In Competitive Draft tournaments, players must be paired against players in their
              own pod.
          o   The Tournament Organizer may create special deck construction rules for specific
              events at Competitive events. These rules must be communicated to players in a
              timely manner.




                                                7
©Disney                                                                                disneylorcana.com
1.4 Tournament Roles

Tournaments may have multiple roles represented:

    •     Tournament Organizer
    •     Lead Lore Guide
    •     Lore Guide
    •     Scorekeeper
    •     Player
    •     Spectator
    •     Broadcast Representative

All the above roles except Player and Spectator are considered Tournament Officials. For purposes
of this document, “Lore Guide” refers to anyone acting as Lead Lore Guide or Lore Guide in that
tournament.

1.5 Eligible Players and Tournament Officials

Anyone is eligible to play in any Disney Lorcana TCG tournament, except:

    •     Anyone currently banned from playing in Disney Lorcana TCG events;
    •     Any Tournament Official for any event they’re a part of (Competitive and Premier Play only);
          and
    •     Anyone specifically prohibited from participation by Ravensburger North America
          Organized Play policy, which ensures fair play and transparency as well as mitigating
          conflicts of interest within competitive events.

Anyone is eligible to serve as a Tournament Official for a Disney Lorcana TCG tournament, except:

    •     Anyone currently banned from playing in Disney Lorcana TCG events and
    •     Anyone who has played in the tournament that they want to be a Tournament Official for,
          even if that person has dropped out of the tournament.

Tournament Officials are allowed to participate in Entry-level events. Tournament Officials are
prohibited from participating in Competitive and Premier Play events, including Set Championships
and Challenges, for which they’re serving as a Tournament Official.

1.6 Set Legality and Rotation

Disney Lorcana TCG sets are legal to play in Disney Lorcana TCG Sanctioned Constructed
Tournaments immediately on prerelease in hobby stores and are legal to play in Disney Lorcana
TCG Sanctioned Limited Tournaments immediately on prerelease in hobby stores. Alternate and
special versions of cards, including preview and promo cards, become legal when their respective
set does, regardless of when they’re released.




                                                   8
©Disney                                                                                   disneylorcana.com
To maintain a dynamic and balanced competition circuit, Core Constructed tournaments will
follow a rotation schedule that phases out older sets in a structured cadence.

Only cards from current legal sets are permitted in Core Constructed events. Players are
responsible for ensuring their decks comply with the current rotation status at the time of the
event. (See 1.6.1, “Rotation List,” for more information on how rotation works.)

If a card is legal in a particular format, any printing of that card can be used in that format. For
example, if a card is from a set that is legal in Core Constructed, any printing of that card from
current or previous sets can be used in Core Constructed.

Alternate and special versions of cards, including preview and promo cards, rotate when their
respective sets do.

1.6.1 Rotation List

    •     With the release of Set 9, only cards released in Set 5 and later became legal to use in Core
          Constructed. The following sets rotated out of Core Constructed:
             o Sets 1, 2, 3, and 4
    •     With the release of Set 13, only cards released in Set 9 and later will be legal to use in Core
          Constructed. The following sets won’t be legal in Core Constructed:
             o Sets 1, 2, 3, and 4 (not legal in Core Constructed)
             o Sets 5, 6, 7, and 8 (rotating out – not legal in Core Constructed)
Additional rotations will be added in future updates to the Tournament Rules. Set rotation doesn’t
apply to Infinity Constructed tournaments.

1.6.2 Banned Cards

The following cards are banned in Core Constructed Tournaments:

    •     No current banned cards

The following cards are banned in Infinity Constructed Tournaments:

    •     Hiram Flaversham - Toymaker



SECTION 2: TOURNAMENT ROLES

2.1 Tournament Organizer

The Tournament Organizer for a Disney Lorcana TCG Tournament is responsible for several tasks,
including but not limited to the following.

    •     Obtaining permission from Ravensburger to operate the tournament.
    •     Providing and furnishing a sufficient site to operate the tournament.


                                                     9
©Disney                                                                                      disneylorcana.com
    •     Promoting the tournament to ensure sufficient attendance.
    •     Advertising the tournament type and format for player preparation.
    •     Acquiring sufficient staff for the tournament (e.g., Lore Guides and Scorekeepers).
    •     Providing sufficient materials to operate the tournament (e.g., product in a Limited
          tournament)
    •     Reporting the tournament results to Ravensburger, if requested.

2.2 Lead Lore Guide

Every Disney Lorcana TCG tournament must have a Tournament Organizer designate a Lead Lore
Guide for that event. This person must be physically present throughout the duration of the event.
For Entry-level tournaments, the Tournament Organizer may serve as the Lead Lore Guide. For
Competitive and Premier Play tournaments, the Tournament Organizer and Lead Lore Guide must
be two separate individuals.

The Lead Lore Guide is the final arbiter for any rules or tournament policy disputes at a Disney
Lorcana TCG tournament. It’s their responsibility to enforce the codes in this document, the Disney
Lorcana TCG Comprehensive Rules, and the Disney Lorcana TCG Play Correction Guidelines. All
tournament participants are expected to abide by the Lead Lore Guide’s decisions.

For smaller tournaments, the Lead Lore Guide is typically the only Lore Guide needed. For larger
tournaments, the Lead Lore Guide is expected to delegate tasks to other Lore Guides as necessary
to facilitate smooth tournament function and timely responses to player questions.

If a player is dissatisfied with a Lore Guide's ruling, they may appeal the ruling to the Lead Lore
Guide. The Lead Lore Guide’s ruling is final.

In Competitive and Premier Play tournaments, if any player must be disqualified or otherwise
removed from a tournament, the Lead Lore Guide must write a report of the incident and submit it
to Ravensburger through the official Disney Lorcana TCG Tournament Disqualification Form, found
here.

The Lead Lore Guide may, in rare and extraordinary circumstances, depart from the rules and
policies specified in this and associated tournament rules documentation. The Lead Lore Guide
alone has the authority to make these modifications. These deviations from policy are intended to
maintain the event’s integrity, ensure equity, and address unforeseen or exceptional
circumstances that aren’t adequately addressed by current policies.

Appropriate circumstances for deviations from policy include, but aren’t limited to, issuing a proxy
if a card or other game element is inadvertently destroyed or damaged during a match. In this
situation, the Lead Lore Guide may allow the use of a clearly identified proxy, which the Lead Lore
Guide will supply and approve. Only Lead Lore Guides may issue proxies.

2.3 Lore Guides



                                                   10
©Disney                                                                                     disneylorcana.com
Lore Guides are responsible for assisting players with rules questions and resolving errors made
during play. They’re expected to be impartial and to avoid assisting players with in-game strategy.
Lore Guides shouldn’t prevent play mistakes from happening but instead should pause a match
only if an illegal action is taken or if a situation requires de-escalation. Lore Guides should hold
themselves to a high standard of sporting behavior and should exemplify this to players and
spectators whenever serving as a tournament official.

2.4 Scorekeeper

The Scorekeeper is responsible for recording all tournament results and generating all tournament
pairings. For smaller tournaments, this role may be served by the Tournament Organizer or a Lore
Guide. This person should be familiar with the Ravensburger Play Hub so that any issues or errors
can be corrected in a timely manner and with minimal disruption to the tournament. If any
egregious tournament scorekeeping issues arise, the Lead Lore Guide is the final arbiter for
determining the appropriate action.

2.5 Player

Players in Disney Lorcana TCG tournaments have the following responsibilities.

    •     Always being respectful and courteous toward Tournament Officials, other players, and
          spectators.
    •     Always refraining from unsporting conduct.
    •     Arriving for the tournament and for all matches punctually.
    •     Supplying all required tournament materials, including an appropriate deck for Constructed
          tournaments. This can also include dice, a playmat, pen and paper, and non-marked card
          sleeves. (See 3.11, “Approved Accessories.”)
    •     For Competitive and Premier Play Constructed tournaments, submitting their deck list via
          the approved method given by the Tournament Organizer.
    •     Verifying that their match results are reported promptly and accurately.
    •     Properly communicating with their opponent to the best of their ability.
    •     Promptly notifying Tournament Officials of any rules or policy violations observed, whether
          during their own matches or another player's matches as they occur.
    •     Abiding by the rules of this document, the Disney Lorcana TCG Comprehensive Rules, and
          the Disney Lorcana TCG Play Correction Guidelines as well as by all rulings made by Lore
          Guides.

Any assistance given by a Lore Guide does not remove these responsibilities.

2.6 Spectator

Spectators are expected to allow Disney Lorcana TCG tournaments to proceed unaffected by their
observation. Any person present at a Disney Lorcana TCG event who isn’t a Tournament Official or
actively participating in an in-progress match is considered a Spectator.


                                                   11
©Disney                                                                                   disneylorcana.com
Spectators are expected to remain silent and unobtrusive while matches proceed. If a spectator
observes a rule violation, they should ask the players to pause their game while the spectator
notifies a Lore Guide. The spectator shouldn’t reveal any details of the perceived violation to the
players but should instead relay the information to a Lore Guide so that the situation can be
addressed correctly.

Players may always request that a spectator not observe their match. This request should involve a
Lore Guide. Tournament Officials may always restrict the ability of spectators to observe matches.

For players who may require assistance to perform game actions or physically handle cards or
other game objects, a spectator can be designated to assist the player. Such spectators can ask
simple questions to clarify the intent of the player but aren’t permitted to offer any kind of play or
strategic advice.

2.7 Broadcast Representative

Broadcast Representatives are responsible for overseeing all event coverage and content
production. They’re responsible for running and overseeing the official event feed; recording games
and event footage; taking pictures of players, the event, and the location; and handling all
livestreaming requests. Broadcast Representatives are required to follow all policies outlined in
section 4, ”Broadcast.”

Broadcast Representatives may be present in Entry-level, Competitive, or Premier Play
tournaments but are most common at the Premier Play level.

Ravensburger and its partners may use any media gathered by the Broadcast Representative for
editorial, marketing, or promotional purposes. Consent to be filmed, photographed, and recorded
in this way is implied by participation in the event in any tournament role.

Unlike matches that aren’t broadcast, broadcast matches could be subject to additional policies
and different procedures, such as longer preparation times for coverage, microphone or headset
use, and seating changes. Before the game, a Lore Guide must explain these changes to all parties.
Players are expected to cooperate with and adhere to any broadcast-related instructions.



SECTION 3: TOURNAMENT OPERATIONS

3.1 Player Minimums

In order for a tournament to qualify as an official Disney Lorcana TCG tournament, a minimum of
eight players must participate. The tournament is no longer formally approved by Ravensburger
and should be reported as canceled if at least eight participants aren’t present and prepared to
compete.




                                                   12
©Disney                                                                                     disneylorcana.com
Only officially recognized Ravensburger-approved tournaments, such as Prerelease events, Set
Championships, and authorized Tournament Organizer events, are subject to this requirement.
This requirement doesn’t apply to informal events that aren’t part of these activities.

There must be a minimum of eight participants in any tournament labeled Competitive or higher.

3.2 Round Minimums

In order for a tournament to qualify as an official Disney Lorcana TCG tournament, a minimum of
three rounds must be played. The tournament is no longer formally approved by Ravensburger and
should be reported as canceled if at least three rounds aren’t played.

Only officially recognized Ravensburger-approved tournaments, such as Prerelease events, Set
Championships, and authorized Tournament Organizer events, are subject to this requirement.
This requirement doesn’t apply to informal events that aren’t part of these activities.

There must be a minimum of three rounds played in any tournament labeled Competitive or higher.

Additional rounds are added to tournaments with more players for better player experience. Based
on the number of players in the first round, the following number of rounds are advised.

                            Players        Swiss Rounds         Top Cut
                               8                 3               None
                              9-16               4               Top 4
                             17-32               5               Top 8
                             33-64               6               Top 8
                            65-128               7               Top 8
                           129-226               8               Top 8
                             227+                9               Top 8
Top Cut is required only for Competitive and Premier Play tournaments.

3.3 Match Structure

Any Disney Lorcana TCG tournaments must follow the Match Structure guidelines listed here for
each type of event.

    •     Entry-level and Competitive Play
              o Disney Lorcana TCG Entry-level and Competitive tournaments may use a variety of
                  Match Structures for their events. These match structures are decided by the
                  Tournament Organizer. Ravensburger encourages all Competitive events with 64
                  players or more to use the Premier Play Match Structure below.
              o Note that some events, such as Set Championships, may have additional
                  requirements for Match Structure in order to be considered a formally approved
                  Ravensburger tournament.
              o Any Entry-level and Competitive-level tournaments that use a Best-of-Three (Bo3)
                  format are encouraged to follow the Premier Play Match Structure.

                                                13
©Disney                                                                               disneylorcana.com
    •     Premier Play
             o Disney Lorcana TCG Premier Play tournaments are played using a Best-of-Three
                 (Bo3) format. Players will play a series of games, up to a maximum of three, with the
                 first player winning two games determined as the winner of the match.
             o Three (3) match points are awarded for each match victory. Zero (0) match points
                 are awarded for each match loss. One (1) match point is awarded for each match
                 draw.
                       Prior to the match beginning and before any action has occurred in the
                          match, the two players in the match must randomly decide which player has
                          the choice of playing first or drawing first.
                              • Any mutually agreed upon method may be used, such as rolling dice
                                   or flipping a coin. If players can’t agree on a method, a Lore Guide
                                   will decide the method for the match.
                       The player who has been determined to make the decision will choose
                          whether to play first or draw first in game one.
                              • The decision to play first or draw first in either game one or any game
                                   in a match must be made before either player sees their opening
                                   hand for that game.
                              • If a player is unable to decide whether to play first or draw first,
                                   they’re presumed to be playing first in game one.
                       The player who plays first in each game doesn’t draw a card at the start of
                          their first turn.
                       Once a game is completed, the player who lost the most recent game
                          chooses whether to play first or draw in the next game of the match.
             o In Disney Lorcana TCG Premier Play tournaments, there may be Single Elimination
                 brackets for top players at the event. For Single Elimination brackets, matches are
                 played using a Best-of-Three (Bo3) format. To be awarded a victory for the match, a
                 player must win two of the three games of the match.
                       Prior to the match beginning, and before any action has occurred in the
                          match, the player who’s seeded higher from the Swiss Rounds has the
                          choice of playing first or drawing first in game one.
                              • Once a game is completed, the player who lost the most recent
                                   game chooses whether to play or draw first in the next game of the
                                   match.
                              • The decision to play or draw in each game must be made before
                                   either player sees their opening hand for each game.
                              • If a player is unable to decide, they’re presumed to be playing first in
                                   the next game.
             o Matches are recorded by the number of games won-lost-drawn. Any mutually
                 agreed upon draw games or unfinished games are recorded as draws in the match.
                 For example, a match where a player wins two games in a row is recorded as 2-0-0.

                                                   14
©Disney                                                                                    disneylorcana.com
                 If a player wins one game of a match and time runs out in the round with no winner
                 in the End-of-Round procedure, the match is recorded as 1-0-1 in favor of the player
                 who won one game.
                       Single-Elimination brackets may have different End-of-Round procedures.

3.4 Match Procedure

Pregame

    •     Before a game begins, players first decide which player is to choose whether to play first or
          draw first, as described in section 3.3. Each player shuffles their deck. Then, each player
          offers their deck to their opponent, who then has the opportunity to shuffle the deck further
          or cut the deck. Once this is completed, each player draws their opening 7-card hand.
              o For every game of a match, each player has one opportunity to alter their hand
                  before any action has occurred. For a more detailed breakdown, see the Disney
                  Lorcana TCG Comprehensive Rules on the Disney Lorcana TCG Resources page,
                  here.
    •     Pile Counting
              o Pile Counting is a method some players use to verify the exact card count in their
                  deck. In Disney Lorcana TCG tournaments, Pile Counting is permitted under the
                  following conditions.
                        It must be done prior to shuffling.
                        It may be done only before the start of each game, not during or after
                          gameplay has started. Pile Counting may be done only once per game.
                        It must not be used to manipulate the deck in any way.
              o Once the player finishes the pile count for the game that is about to begin, they
                  must shuffle their deck and give their opponent a chance to shuffle the deck further
                  or cut the deck.

Once this process has been completed, the first player begins their first turn. They won’t draw a
card during their Start of Turn Phase for this turn. For a more detailed breakdown, see the Disney
Lorcana TCG Comprehensive Rules on the Disney Lorcana TCG Resources page, here.

End of Match

At the conclusion of a match, it’s the responsibility of both players to verify the match result and
make sure that it’s appropriately reported to the Tournament Organizer using the approved
reporting method. This could be physical result slips or digital platforms such as the Ravensburger
Play Hub.

Before submitting results, players must verify that the winner and the match outcomes (2-0-0, 2-1-
0, 1-1-1, 0-0-3) are accurate. Both players must confirm the report with the Lore Guide or
Tournament Organizer when requested.



                                                   15
©Disney                                                                                    disneylorcana.com
The Tournament Organizer must be notified right away of any disputes or missing reports. Players
who don’t accurately report a match's result could cause disruptions to the tournament. Penalties
for inaccurate reporting, including a match loss or disqualification, may be issued.

When time is called in a round, any games still in progress will immediately proceed to the end-of-
match procedure, as follows.

    •     The active player finishes their turn. This is known as turn 0 and doesn’t count toward the
          five total turns remaining in the game.
    •     After that turn, there are five total turns remaining in the game.
    •     Regardless of which player’s turn it is, every turn taken after the turn in which time was
          called in a round counts toward the five-turn total. This often converts to two turns for the
          active player when time is called and three turns for the inactive player.
    •     If the game ends during these turns, the match is reported following the normal rules.
    •     If neither player has won the game at the end of turn five and one player has more game
          wins than the other, the player with the higher number wins the match. Unfinished games
          are recorded as draws.
    •     Swiss Rounds: If neither player has won the game at the end of turn five, award match
          points as described in 3.3, “Match Structure.” The match is a draw if, at the end of turn five,
          neither player has won any games or if players have won an equal number of games.
    •     Single-Elimination Rounds: When time is called in the round, if a player has more game
          wins than their opponent, they win the match. If both players are tied for game wins, they
          play five additional turns. A new game may be started to complete these five additional
          turns if one isn’t in progress. If neither player has won the game at the end of turn five and
          both players have the same number of game wins, the player with the higher lore total in the
          current game wins the match. If the players have the same number of game wins and the
          same lore, the game continues until one player has more lore than the other. When this
          happens, the player with the higher lore wins the game immediately.

3.5 Out-of-Order Sequencing

Players can take a series of actions that, while not in the correct order, leads to the same legal
game state as taking the actions in the correct order would have led to. Such out-of-order
sequencing is allowed, with the following restrictions.
    • All actions taken must be legal.
    • Any action taken out of order can’t affect other actions in different ways depending on the
       order of operations.
    • This can’t be used to gain any kind of information from the opponent.

For example, a player exerting in their inkwell before revealing the card they intend to play with that
ink isn’t technically following the correct order, but they still arrive at the same legal state of the
card being played. However, if a player has an effect in play that reads, “At the start of your turn,
discard a card” and they draw their card for that turn and then try to discard that card, out-of-order-

                                                    16
©Disney                                                                                     disneylorcana.com
sequencing doesn’t apply. This is because the action of discarding a card would affect a different
set of cards depending on the order of the actions. In this case, corrective action may be
appropriate.

Players should take care when applying out-of-order sequencing, as it doesn’t cover any Missed
Triggers.


3.6 Intentional Draws and Concessions

A player may concede an incomplete game or match at any time. That player immediately loses the
game and, if applicable, the match moves on to the next game.

A player who refuses to play a match is considered to have conceded that match.

Players can’t ask their opponents to concede a game. Players can’t implicitly or explicitly offer or
accept any reward or consideration in exchange for a concession. Players provided with such an
offer must call a Lore Guide and report the incident.

At any point prior to the end of a match, players may agree to an intentional draw (0-0-3) for the
match. A player may request an intentional draw only once per match and can’t implicitly or
explicitly offer any reward or consideration in exchange for the draw. Players provided with such an
offer must call a Lore Guide and report the incident.

3.7 Takebacks

Players are expected to make clear, deliberate, and intentional decisions with their play. For
standard policy, plays in Disney Lorcana TCG can’t be undone once made. However, limited
exceptions may apply in cases of honest mistakes or dexterity errors. These exceptions must be
approved by a Lore Guide and follow all guidelines outlined below.

A Takeback is a complete reversal of a player’s most recent play that restores the game state to
what it was immediately before the play occurred, allowing the player to make a different choice or
take a different action.

A play may consist of:

    •     A single action (e.g., challenging with a character), or
    •     A batch of several actions performed as part of a single declared Out-of-Order Sequence
          (e.g., questing with multiple characters at the same time).

During a Takeback, the entirety of such a declared sequence is considered one play.

3.7.1 Eligibility and Limitations

    •     A Takeback may apply only to the most recent play made by the player during their turn.
    •     A play can’t be taken back if any subsequent play or action has occurred.


                                                  17
©Disney                                                                                   disneylorcana.com
    •     Takebacks are never automatic and must be authorized by a Lore Guide.
    •     Players must not perform Takebacks without Lore Guide approval.

Lore Guides must carefully evaluate each request for a Takeback. A Takeback should not be
allowed if the player gained additional information as a result of the play or action.

Additional information includes, but isn’t limited to:

    •     Resolution of effects (e.g., drawing cards, revealing cards from the deck, or banishing
          characters),
    •     Triggered abilities resolving, and
    •     Observing or gauging an opponent's reaction or lack of reaction after the play.

If a Lore Guide is unable to determine whether additional information was gained or whether a
Takeback would be appropriate, the standard policy is applied, and the Takeback is denied.

Exception: A card revealed from the player’s own hand as part of the play (e.g., revealing a card to
ink it and then requesting to ink a different card) isn’t considered additional information for the
purposes of evaluating a Takeback.

Players must not rush, pressure, or coerce their opponents into making plays or taking actions in
an attempt to lock them into a decision and deny a potential Takeback.

3.7.2 Illegal Actions and Rules Errors

If a play involves an illegal action (e.g., inking a card that can’t be inked, or choosing a character
with Ward for an action), a Takeback may still be appropriate, provided all Takeback criteria are
met. In these situations:

    •     The player has committed a General Rules Error (PCG 2.4) and will receive a warning.
    •     The Lore Guide may either:
             o Allow a Takeback, or
             o Perform a partial rewind and instruct the player to continue the play using only legal
                 actions.

3.7.3 Examples of Eligible Takebacks

The following are examples of when a Lore Guide may decide a Takeback is allowed:

    •     A player chooses a character for an action and immediately says they want to choose a
          different character instead.
    •     A player reveals a card to ink and immediately says they want to ink a different card instead.
    •     A player declares a challenge against one character and immediately changes their mind
          before resolution.
    •     A player declares a challenge with multiple characters as a group, then immediately says
          they want to quest instead.


                                                   18
©Disney                                                                                      disneylorcana.com
    •     A player plays Let the Storm Rage On, which reads “Deal 2 damage to chosen character.
          Draw a card.” They choose an opposing Cogsworth – Grandfather Clock for the damage, is
          informed he has Ward, and immediately requests a Takeback, before drawing a card.

3.7.4 Examples of Ineligible Takebacks

The following are examples where a Lore Guide must not authorize a Takeback:

    •     A player chooses a character for an action, resolves a triggered effect that draws a card,
          and then requests a Takeback after realizing the outcome was unfavorable.
    •     A player performs multiple separate challenges sequentially and then requests to undo all
          of them.
    •     A player inks a card and passes the turn. Their opponent takes an action, and the player
          then requests to undo the inking decision.

3.8 Deck Registration

Players in Competitive and Premier Play Disney Lorcana TCG tournaments are required to register
their decks.

For a Constructed tournament, players must submit their deck list either via Ravensburger Play
Hub or on a paper deck list, following instructions from the Tournament Organizer. The Tournament
Organizer should communicate the deck list submission deadline. If no such deadline is
communicated, the deck lists will be due before the first round is created.

For a Limited tournament, players fill out a deck list as part of deck construction. These deck lists
must be provided to a Tournament Official by the end of deck construction. The Disney Lorcana
TCG Set Checklists can be found on the Disney Lorcana TCG Resources page, here.

Players may request to see their deck list between matches. These requests will be granted
whenever feasible.

Deck lists are considered the ultimate arbiter of which cards the player intended to play. Players
must take care to use full card names, since many character cards have similar names.

The use of official deck list forms is recommended for submitting a deck list but isn’t required. The
Disney Lorcana TCG Deck Registration Sheet can be found on the Disney Lorcana TCG Resources
page, here.




                                                  19
©Disney                                                                                   disneylorcana.com
3.9 Deck Checks

Lore Guides at Competitive and Premier Play tournaments will perform Deck Checks where
possible. Deck Checks are intended to verify that players are playing the correct cards as
registered on their deck list. Decks should be examined after shuffling is completed and before
players draw their opening hands.

For Competitive tournaments, Tournament Organizers are expected to check as many decks as
possible during the event.

For Premier Play tournaments, at least 10% of decks are expected to be checked, and it’s
recommended that the Tournament Organizer check as many decks as possible during the event.

Deck Checks may happen at any time during a tournament.

3.10 Dropping from a Tournament

A player may drop out of the tournament at any time. Players are responsible for either dropping
themselves using the Ravensburger Play Hub or by informing a Lore Guide or Scorekeeper. If the
player is paired for any matches when the request to drop is made, that player is considered to
have conceded all games in that match.

Players who don’t show up for a designated match will be dropped from the tournament unless
they inform the Lore Guide or Scorekeeper before that round ends.

If a player drops during a Limited tournament, they keep all cards provided to them by the
Tournament Organizer to participate in the event. This includes opened and partially drafted
booster packs.

3.11 Approved Accessories

Players are allowed to use personal accessories during tournaments as long as they follow the
guidelines below. Accessories must not show offensive, graphic, or otherwise unsuitable content.
Images that are violent, sexually provocative, or discriminatory in nature are prohibited.

The Tournament Organizer may, at any time, approve or disapprove of any accessory and request a
player use an acceptable alternative. Players may be given a match loss or disqualified from the
tournament for failing to comply with such a request.

Approved accessories are as follows.

    •     Playmats
              o Officially licensed Disney Lorcana TCG Playmats OR any Playmats that follow the
                 guidelines in this section
              o All playmats must be clean, rest flat on the table, and not interfere with gameplay.
    •     Deck Sleeves



                                                  20
©Disney                                                                                   disneylorcana.com
             o   Officially licensed Disney Lorcana TCG Deck Sleeves OR any Deck Sleeves that
                 follow the guidelines in this section
             o   Each sleeve must enclose a single card entirely.
             o   All sleeves must not be reflective, damaged, or marked.

             o   All sleeves must be the same size, color, and style.

             o   All sleeves must have fully opaque backs.

Inner or over sleeves are allowed, provided that all other rules for sleeves are followed, with the
exception of a fully opaque back.

If sleeves need to be changed for a non-urgent issue that is found during a match, Tournament
Officials may allow the change to be made between games or after the current match has
concluded.

    •     Dice
             o    Officially licensed Disney Lorcana TCG Dice OR Dice that follow the guidelines in
                  this section
              o Non-branded, polyhedral dice
              o All dice must be in good condition and have easily identifiable numbers.
    •     Lore Counters
              o Officially licensed Disney Lorcana TCG Lore Counters
              o Disney Lorcana Trading Card Game Companion app
              o Custom Lore Counters may be used but must be an easily identifiable object and
                  can’t be deceptive or confusing to players or Tournament Officials.
              o Written methods may be used to track Lore, provided they’re approved using the
                  guidelines in 5.2, “Notes and Information Tracking.”
    •     Deck Cases and Storage Boxes
              o Officially licensed Disney Lorcana TCG Deck Cases and Storage Boxes OR Deck
                  Cases and Storage Boxes that follow the guidelines in this section
              o Deck Cases and Storage Boxes may be used to store decks between games or
                  matches but must not be used while gameplay is in progress, except to access
                  another approved accessory.
    •     Altered Artwork Cards
              o Cards that feature any sort of alteration on the card may be used only during Entry-
                  level tournaments. These cards can’t offer any competitive or strategic advantage
                  or include references to other trading card games or any unsuitable content,
                  outlined in this section.
              o Competitive and Premier Play tournaments allow only unaltered, officially licensed
                  Disney Lorcana TCG cards. Cards with signatures may still be used, provided their
                  artwork isn’t altered in any way and they follow the guidelines in this document.

3.12 Time Extensions

                                                  21
©Disney                                                                                   disneylorcana.com
If a Tournament Official pauses a match for more than 1 minute while the round is being played,
they should issue a time extension equal to the time the match was paused. For Deck Checks, the
time extension should equal the time it took to perform the check plus 3 minutes.



SECTION 4: BROADCAST

4.1 Tournament Organizer Rights

The Tournament Organizer may work with Broadcast Representatives to televise, stream, film,
photograph, record, or broadcast any part of events outlined in this document. The resulting
content may be used for any purpose, including but not limited to marketing and promoting the
event, the Tournament Organizer, the Disney Lorcana TCG, or other events.

4.2 Player Likeness Consent

Players agree to allow Tournament Organizer and Broadcast Representatives to record, use, and
reproduce their name, likeness, voice, image, gameplay, and related marks or logos in any kind of
media by taking part in any event covered by this document. This includes photography, video,
audio, live or recorded broadcast, and digital and print promotional materials in any format.

This consent is valid globally and will be used to promote the marketing and documentation of
Disney Lorcana TCG organized play.

For non-broadcast events or local tournaments, players can notify the Tournament Organizer
before the event begins if they don’t want to be photographed, filmed, or recorded. Reasonable
efforts will be made to accommodate such requests; however, such accommodations may limit
the players’ participation in featured matches or other promotional opportunities.



SECTION 5: INFORMATION AND COMMUNICATION

5.1 Game Layout

During all Disney Lorcana TCG tournaments, players are required to maintain a clear and
consistent Game Layout to support fair play and clarity for both players and Tournament Officials.

    •     Characters, items, and locations must be positioned in front of the player’s inkwell from the
          opponent’s perspective. Characters that have moved to locations should be clearly
          identified as at the location they’ve moved to.
    •     A player’s inkwell isn’t required to be placed close to the edge of the table; it may be
          positioned to the left, right, or further back in the play area, as long as characters, items and
          locations are always positioned in front of the inkwell.



                                                     22
©Disney                                                                                       disneylorcana.com
    •     Game Layout must remain clear and unambiguous throughout the game and not disrupt
          gameplay or lead to any uncertainty about the game’s current state.

As long as the Game Layout is clear and understandable to all players and Tournament Officials,
players who require additional accommodation due to age, disability, or other accessibility needs
may adjust their Game Layout. If any accommodation is required, players are expected to request
assistance from a Tournament Official or Lore Guide, who can assist in creating a clear and easily
accessible Game Layout.

5.2 Notes and Information Tracking

Players may use tokens to track only their own in-game, public information. Players must not track
any of their opponents' information, whether public or private. For example, a player may use
tokens to remind themselves to gain lore from a particular location or that a character can’t be
readied at the start of their next turn. No numerical representation of any type is permitted on a
token to track any in-game information other than damage.

Players are encouraged to keep written track of lore totals, but they’re not permitted to take any
other form of notes during a match. Referring to outside notes during a match is considered
Outside Assistance. For more information on Outside Assistance, see the Disney Lorcana TCG Play
Correction Guidelines, available at the Disney Lorcana TCG Resources page, found here.

Outside Assistance can include, but isn’t limited to, writing down the names of cards in an inkwell
as they're revealed, using dice to denote the ink costs of revealed cards, and using other devices or
processes to create any kind of record of game information. A Tournament Official will make the
final determination of whether a form of note was made.

Players can’t take or look at notes during Drafting or during Limited Deck Construction.

5.3 Electronic Devices

The use of electronic devices such as smartphones, tablets, and smart watches at Disney Lorcana
TCG events is permitted so long as all devices are always in plain view of both players in the match.
Using the Disney Lorcana TCG Companion app for tracking lore and referring to the card database
are examples of allowed usage.

Players may use their electronic device for private reasons such as texting, making a call, or
browsing after first informing a Lore Guide, who will help facilitate the request. At the Lore Guide's
discretion, penalties such as warnings, match loss, or disqualification from the tournament will be
given for any player not following these guidelines or attempting to hide any device use.

5.4 In-Game Information

There are two types of information in the Disney Lorcana TCG: public and private. Information is
considered private if it exists in any facedown zone. Although the hand isn’t a facedown zone, it’s



                                                  23
©Disney                                                                                    disneylorcana.com
considered private information from your opponent. Information in any other zone is considered
public.

Players are allowed to know the status, characteristics, and contents of any public zone or of any
card in a public zone. Players are allowed to know only the number of cards in a private zone.

If private information is revealed to the opponent, it’s considered public information while
revealed. Players are responsible for keeping private information from being accidentally revealed
to other players.

During games, players are expected to communicate openly with their opponents.

When putting a card into their inkwell through the standard turn action (that is, inking a card), the
player adding the card must ensure that their opponent has full knowledge of which card is being
added, including by announcing the full name of the card. The opponent must be allowed to verify
that the card has the inkwell symbol around the cost.

The current status of any card in play (e.g., exerted or ready, damage marked, whether the ink is
dry, etc.) must be completely and correctly communicated by that card’s player whenever
requested by another player.

Exerted cards should be rotated roughly ninety degrees to indicate their status. Ready cards should
be upright. A player may choose to exert their cards clockwise or counterclockwise, but they
should be consistent with all of their cards.

Lore gains and losses must always be announced and must include the new lore total after the lore
change for that player. This ensures that both players fully understand the current lore score and
that any discrepancies can be found and remedied as soon as possible, likely with the help of a
Lore Guide.

Players are expected to maintain a clear game state whenever possible. This includes pointing out
mandatory effects whenever they occur, even if they're from an opponent’s card. For purposes of
this rule, a “mandatory effect” is one that doesn’t include the word “may” in its text. Reminding
another player of a “may” effect isn’t mandatory, but players are strongly encouraged to remind
their opponents of these effects in order to foster the most positive play experience for all involved.

5.5 Inkwell

Players are required to keep the cards in their inkwell cards distinct and separate from any other
facedown cards that may be on the table. If there’s any confusion about which cards are in a
player’s inkwell, the players should call a Lore Guide immediately so the error can be remedied.
Additionally, all ready cards in a player’s inkwell must be oriented in the same direction as each
other; the same must also be true for exerted cards in that player’s inkwell.




                                                  24
©Disney                                                                                    disneylorcana.com
A player must leave cards that they put into their inkwell faceup during the turn they were put there.
When that turn ends, the player must turn those cards (and any other faceup cards in their inkwell)
facedown.

5.6 Card Naming and Descriptions

Certain card abilities in the Disney Lorcana TCG require a player to name a card. Stating the exact
printed name of a Disney Lorcana TCG card is the preferred and most accurate method. However,
if a player is unable to recall the exact name, they’re allowed to give a description that can
reasonably identify only one Disney Lorcana TCG card.

Only cards from the Disney Lorcana TCG may be named or referenced.

In cases where a card's name or description is unclear, players should call a Lore Guide
immediately. Lore Guides have the final authority on whether a description is specific enough to
satisfy the ability’s requirements. Players are encouraged to resolve any uncertainties with the Lore
Guide's assistance.

    •     Acceptable
             o “Stitch” or “The character that lets you exert characters you play that cost 2 or
                less ink”
    •     Unacceptable
             o “That one card with the guitar on it” or “The blue card”



SECTION 6: TIME LIMITS

6.1 General Tournament Time Limits

The time limit for a Swiss round is a minimum of 50 minutes, with a recommend maximum of 60
minutes.

It’s recommended that all matches in single-elimination rounds be untimed. If a time limit must be
imposed due to venue availability constraints, the time limit should be a minimum of 70 minutes
and should be announced prior to the beginning of the single-elimination portion of the event. If the
entire event is single-elimination and a time limit must be imposed due to venue availability
constraints, the time limit should be a minimum of 50 minutes, with a recommended maximum of
60 minutes.

If all matches have finished before the time limit is up in a round, the Lead Lore Guide may choose
to start the next round early. Players arriving for the next round after it has started but before the
previous round would have ended shouldn’t be issued penalties for late arrival.

6.2 Limited Tournament Time Limits



                                                  25
©Disney                                                                                    disneylorcana.com
The time limits for deck construction and registration, if being used, at Competitive or Premier Play
events are as follows.

    •     Sealed deck construction: 30 minutes
    •     Sealed deck pool registration: 20 minutes
    •     Preconstructed deck construction: 10 minutes
    •     Draft deck construction and registration together: 25 minutes

The time limits for individual Draft picks, if being used, at Competitive or Premier Play events are as
follows.

    •     12 cards remaining: 30 seconds
    •     11 cards remaining: 25 seconds
    •     10 cards remaining: 25 seconds
    •     9 cards remaining: 20 seconds
    •     8 cards remaining: 20 seconds
    •     7 cards remaining: 15 seconds
    •     6 cards remaining: 10 seconds
    •     5 cards remaining: 10 seconds
    •     4 cards remaining: 5 seconds
    •     3 cards remaining: 4 seconds
    •     2 cards remaining: 3 seconds

For Draft picks, players may review their cards for 30 seconds after the first pack has been opened,
increasing by 15 seconds after each subsequent pack.



SECTION 7: PLAYER CONDUCT

7.1 Prohibited Conduct

To ensure a safe, fair, and inclusive environment for all players, the following conduct is strictly
prohibited at all Disney Lorcana TCG events, regardless of scale or setting.

    •     Wagering money or anything of value on the outcome of matches or events.
    •     Use, possession, or distribution of illegal substances.
    •     Consumption or possession of alcohol.
    •     Unsporting conduct, including disrespectful or disruptive behavior toward players, guests,
          Tournament Officials, Lore Guides, spectators, or the public.
    •     Collusion, including agreeing to manipulate match outcomes or share prizes.
             o Prize Splitting may be allowed at Entry-level and Competitive tournaments so long
                 as the following guidelines are followed:
                       All remaining players must voluntarily agree to the split


                                                   26
©Disney                                                                                     disneylorcana.com
                        The split must be reported to the Tournament Official before splitting
                        The agreement must not involve any discussion or offer related to match
                         outcome (e.g., “If you concede, I’ll split the prize with you”).
             o Tournament Officials reserve the right to deny any Prize Split requests.
    •     Harassment, including sexual harassment, discriminatory language, intimidation, and any
          behavior that makes others feel unsafe, unwelcome, or uncomfortable.

Violations of this policy may result in penalties ranging from warnings to removal from the event
and potential suspension from future organized play events, at the discretion of the Tournament
Organizer.

For more information on Prohibited Conduct, see the Disney Lorcana TCG Play Correction
Guidelines, available at the Disney Lorcana TCG Resources page, found here.

7.2 Sponsors and Teams

Sponsors or teams of players are subject to prior approval and a discretionary evaluation by the
Tournament Organizer to be allowed to be represented as sponsors or teams at any Disney
Lorcana TCG event. A Tournament Organizer may reject any proposed sponsorship of a player
being represented at an event.

Sponsors or teams involved in the use, consumption, or promotion of the following are strictly
prohibited:

    •     Gambling
    •     Drugs
    •     Pornography
    •     Firearms
    •     Alcohol
    •     Tobacco or cannabis
    •     Unlawful activity

7.3 Interviews and Other Content

During an event, players may be asked by the Tournament Organizer or Broadcast Representative
to participate in interviews or additional content, including but not limited to video, audio, written
interviews, social media content, or promotional content. If approached, players are expected to
use their best efforts to cooperate and participate in a respectful manner, following any reasonable
direction given by the Tournament Organizer.

Participation in content is intended to highlight the player experience and promote the Disney
Lorcana TCG community. While participation isn’t mandatory, refusal to participate without reason
may affect future content opportunities or promotional content at the discretion of the Tournament
Organizer.



                                                 27
©Disney                                                                                  disneylorcana.com
Players can’t decline being broadcast as part of a featured match.

During participation in interviews, featured matches, or other content, player attire must follow
these guidelines.

    •     Clothing must be neat, clean, and appropriate for broadcast.
    •     Players should avoid casual attire such as pajamas, torn clothing, etc.
    •     Players must not wear clothing that includes or promotes:
              o Offensive or inappropriate gestures
              o Alcohol, tobacco, or drug references
              o Hate speech or discriminatory messages
              o Overtly sexual or revealing clothing
              o Logos, brands, or promotion from non-Disney properties that conflict with the
                  event’s agreements
              o Any sponsored team’s merchandise or apparel
              o Third-party sponsor logos

Final discretion on clothing rests with the Tournament Organizer or Broadcast Representative.

SECTION 8: TRAVEL INFORMATION

8.1 Travel Documentation and Accommodations
Players are solely responsible for obtaining and maintaining any and all travel documentation
necessary to attend and participate in Disney Lorcana TCG events, including passports, travel
permits, and entry visas. It’s the player’s obligation to ensure these documents are valid and
obtained in a timely manner.

Tournament Organizers may assist with information that’s helpful in obtaining travel
documentation, but the responsibility is the player’s to secure or obtain the necessary documents.
Tournament Organizers aren’t responsible for any expenses, delays, or disqualifications caused by
incomplete or rejected travel credentials. Failing to obtain necessary travel documentation could
lead to a player’s forfeiture of an invitation to a Disney Lorcana TCG event.

Tournament Organizers may provide players assistance with travel expenses, such as airfare, hotel
rooms, or travel stipends for official invitations. Any deadlines, rules, or documentation that the
Tournament Organizer provides must be followed by players who are receiving this travel
assistance.

8.2 Player Replacements/Alternates

If a player is unable to attend an invite-event due to Travel Documentation, Accommodations, or
other reasons or if a player is disqualified or travel is forfeited for any reason, the Tournament
Organizer may replace them with an alternate player. The alternate is given the original player’s



                                                 28
©Disney                                                                                  disneylorcana.com
Travel Accommodations, current position in a tournament, and/or the prizing linked to that player’s
current placement.



SECTION 9: PRIZING

9.1 Prizing Earned

Prizes awarded at Disney Lorcana TCG tournaments are contingent upon adherence to all
tournament rules. To be eligible for prizing, players must:

    •     Meet all eligibility conditions and any additional restrictions specified by the Tournament
          Organizer;
    •     Abide by all event regulations, guidelines, and conduct policies during participation in the
          event; and
    •     Fill out any necessary documentation as requested by the Tournament Organizer (such as
          waivers or identification).

At the Tournament Organizer’s discretion, a player may be considered to have forfeited their prizing
if they’re disqualified or ineligible or they don’t reply to the Tournament Organizer or submit the
required documentation by the deadline set by the Tournament Organizer, which must be within 90
days of the event’s conclusion.




                                                   29
©Disney                                                                                    disneylorcana.com
